Well, good morning folks. How are you?
I always like to wait until there's at
least a thousand people listening. It's
not arrogance. It's just a matter of
value.
If you would be so kind if you could
send me a a tweet or post directly
stating that you guys can hear me. to
simple audio check.
Thank you, Dan.
Just want to get a couple more just to
make sure.
O a exclamation. Okay,
just a one more
forks and chill. Thank you so much. All
right, so I want to apologize right
away. Um I'm battling seasonal
allergies, so I'm going to have
a shortened and usually I can go for
hours and hours and hours, okay? But uh
I I don't have that today. I just wanted
to, you know, touch base with you kind
of like encourage you just for a little
while.
And I don't know how long I'll talk. I'm
going to leave it up to my voice. So, if
you probably heard in the recent
recordings I've done on my YouTube
channel, I sound a little bit horsearo
and I've been upset cuz I've lost my
Bailey. So, I'm over it now. The Lord's
comforted me. I know I'll see her again.
But, uh, I I want to talk a little bit
about
the
departure from classical analysis
concepts.
I know a lot of you guys out there that
that like to poke fun at me or try to
get some kind of drama started or just
simply put misinformation out there.
You'll say that, you know, my concepts
are rebranded this and rebranded that,
but none of you ever come out with
source material showing where it it came
from as I teach it. So, while I could
sit here and have a a great deal of fun
doing that, that's not the point of the
the discussion today.
I I want to kind of like touch on the
basis of what I covered in the last two
weeks
and how that should resonate with you as
an analyst. how I focused on one
principle of many that I have, but
I get a lot of questions by way of posts
that you don't see in my comments on my
YouTube channel because the majority of
them are held because there's a lot of,
you know, garbage being promoted. You
crypto this and crypto that and scammers
and whatnot and a lot of people
pretending to me. It's far easier for me
to just read your comments in private.
And yes, I get an occasional troll or
somebody saying something, you know,
that's, you know, meant to tear me down,
whatever, and it makes me smile. But
largely, I get a lot of questions about,
you know, how how do I pick
certain PD arrays at the right time? And
when I'm talking to you publicly, I'll
call things into your attention, say,
"Look at this. Pay attention to that."
Well, that's how I learned it. You know,
I learned it being prompted that way.
Look here, look here, look here, look
here. And not by somebody on the earth,
but I had a helper inside and that's who
guided me. So, what I like to do is find
ways where I can closely bridge that
gap. Now I can't completely bridge it
obviously because you know I have my own
limitations as a man
but I I strive over my life to come up
with a language that hopefully could
bridge the gap as close as I can for my
children. So you all get to dabble in my
life's work that I'm leaving for my
children
should I ever depart and leave them
behind. you know, they have a a
plethora, an an entire library where
dad's talking to them and
that connection you pick up on. You tap
into that because it's sincere. It's
genuine. It's not contrived. It's not
made up. It's not trying to, you know,
make something that it isn't. It's
genuine.
Uh my children watched me, you know,
build this entire,
you know, phenomenon, you know,
firsthand, walking in the home with me,
seeing me, and working very hard to try
to make a
a language to be able to communicate
what these markets are actually reaching
for, when they're reaching for them,
what to expect, what not to expect, when
not to do something. you know all these
protocols and processes and procedures
and largely that goes untaught when you
view classical analysis concepts and
when I say classical I mean for instance
uh technical analysis of the financial
markets by John Murphy every trader on
on the planet should have that book not
because it's a good trading book
I fade 99% of the things in that book I
stand in front of the logic of what's in
that book because it is specifically
like a road mapap for retail logic and
thinking.
Now I know some of you are stochcastics
traders, moving average crossover guys,
pivot traders, you trade Elliot wave,
you got pitchforks, you got supply and
demand, you got all the things that you
subscribe to. I'm not here to bash any
of that, okay? That's not what I'm
trying to do. What I'm trying to do is
challenge you in thinking about how some
of the things I've shared
should hopefully broaden your
understanding about what price is
actually trying to do because as I
mentioned very facitiously over the
years many many times that with all the
things that are available in trading in
terms of analysis concepts retail logic
people coming up with all kinds of
little bells and whistles and indicators
and whatnot
if the markets It's absolutely follow
that stuff.
The question I always pose to those who
subscribe to that view and I used to
subscribe to that. Believe me, I I I
started just like all of you that
started with that stuff at 20 years old.
I believe that the stochcastics and the
RSI and the Williams percent R and the
moving average, that was the keys to the
kingdom. All I had to do is have the
right settings and it became a a a
pursuit like the lottery numbers. I had
to get the right numbers. And you fool
yourself into thinking that you'll
figure that part out eventually if you
keep doing it. But it's a fool's errand,
meaning that you keep trying to do
something expecting a different result,
but you go insane
because you never reach that. You'll
never reach that. There is no perfect
settings because the market's always
shifting and changing. It's changing its
mode of volatility. It's changing the
trend. It's changing its characteristic
from a trending environment to a
rangebound
where it's not
really meant to be traded with a
long-term hold position or a swing
traders perception. It's it's simply
in a holding pattern and it's grinding
traders down because they want to pursue
or participate in a prolonged trending
market move.
I started as a trader like that. I
wanted to be a position trader and I li
I used a lot of the
old school
still believed upon today. Everybody
that comes in the marketplace today as a
new trader invariably will come through
one avenue or stream of some kind of
retail stuff.
And
I'm of the belief that
anything, even flipping a quarter, heads
you buy, tails you're shorting, and then
you have a filter of how many times you
can take a trade and how often you can
take a trade with only one instrument.
That means one market in one particular
time where you can only operate in these
specific hours. If you operate with a
very strict, impeccable riskmanagement
model, I believe that can be profitable.
And if you missed that, if it went over
your head, you rewind the recording when
it's available to you. Okay? Uh, so I
almost forgot to mention this. I know
there's a lot of you that take these
recordings and you and you put them on
your YouTube channel and you have my
blessing to do that. I don't care. Um,
but if you do it I don't know how to do
I don't know what I'm doing on YouTube
when I'm setting the settings for like
the um apparently they've done something
where my videos and other people that
are YouTubers you can listen to other
languages like I'm talking in a
different language but it's not my
voice. I don't know how I'm doing that
if I'm doing it ever. I know I saw one
video do that but I don't know what I'm
doing settings wise to do that. So, if
you're one that puts these types of, uh,
Twitter spaces on your YouTube channel,
um, leave the link underneath it and set
it so anybody can listen to their
language because that's the biggest
complaint I get. You they want to listen
to me talking live like there's some
kind of benefit to that. It's okay that
you're not here live. It's still the
same thing I'm talking whether you
listen to it, you know, 3 weeks from now
or a year from now. The information is
still good. It's pertinent. But I I
don't know I don't know how to make
those YouTube channels do that. So I'm
I'm not doing anything different when I
set my settings on my YouTube channel.
In fact, I just use reuse the previous
videos data. It has the risk disclaimers
always in the description and I just
simply change the title. I'm not doing
anything different, but some of my
videos are doing it and the majority of
them don't. And it's not because I don't
want you to have the ability to listen
to me. I just don't know what I'm doing
in regards to making it happen. So if
you know how to do that and you can do
it very short and post to me in X,
that'd be wonderful.
But I started with very rudimentary
ideas simply using a stocastic momentum
indicator. It would tell me if I'm
overbought or oversold. You know, a
moving average, 50-day moving average is
a simple moving average at first and
I've shifted to an exponential because I
thought it was more sensitive. And I
learned over the years that that really
isn't all that important. I had moving
averages for for crossovers and I
trusted that as the trend. As long as
the moving average 50 you day moving
average and the nine and 18 moving
averages were, you know, sloping up or
they call it stacking. Then I had a
buying opportunity. All I had to do is
wait for a bullish divergence in
stocastics and I used a hourly chart to
do that. And when the market is
predisposed to go higher, that model
still works today. It's very, very
simple. But because I don't have an
affinity for trading with indicators and
I know now because the market doesn't
really follow that logic and as I
mentioned earlier and I didn't get to
the point because I got distracted by
mentioning other things
the the posing
question that pops up if I if I come
into a conversation or if I instigate a
conversation which I've done in the past
in regarding to retail logic. The
question is this. If the markets are
absolutely turning on a dime, timing
their beginning and end on price runs
and they're doing on the sole basis of
retail concepts,
it falls on its face on a logic stance
because all of the retail concepts do
not agree. you you see this misnomer
where
people have argued with me saying there
is no algorithm and I'm rebranding
things and now because they're losing
this war against me now they're now
they're coming to this argument they're
saying well honestly like you know we're
really all trading the same thing if you
really break it down we're all trading
the same thing and I'm going to submit
to you that that is absolute lies
because all of these people that are
saying that don't have precision entries
they don't have precision vision draws
on liquidity where it turns into they
are not telling you when it's going to
occur.
They have no respect or understanding of
the element of time. They have no
element of time understood in their
analysis. Their element of time is I'm
in front of the charts, so therefore
it's time to trade. That's the logic
that a a gambler uses when they go to
casino. Well, it's time to get up. I've
had my dinner comped to me by the
casino. My room's comped. I'm feeling
lucky. Let me get down here. I to $1,000
with me and then you go home without it
because it was time to gamble.
I don't think that way. I don't teach my
students to think that way. There is a
operating time,
okay? A time that a market mechanic sits
down and says to themselves,
probabilities are high right now that
there will be a obvious price run after
some measure of manipulation or
liquidity.
and then simply looking for that
opposing liquidity
and finding in between those two
reference points the myriad of PD arrays
that I've offered to you as a language
where you can just simply go in. Not
every PD array is going to exist in
every price run. So that's why it's
beneficial for you to study like my 2016
mentorship month four content. It's on
YouTube channel. It's simply this an
introduction to how you can incorporate
a a good sampling of my PDAs. The very
simple approaches to saying okay I can
see this is an area where I can get into
the move that's already started because
you weren't apt enough astute enough or
in front of the charts at that time to
participate in that move to get in at
that particular price. Now, my school of
thought that I try to impose upon you is
you don't need the best entry.
Now, I illustrate it. My students that
have been with me for a while, they can
illustrate it consistently. So, there's
a transfer of knowledge there.
But you don't, if you're learning, you
don't need to have that perfect entry,
that perfect lowest low entry,
the turtle soup low or the turtle soup
high. You don't need that.
I've mentioned and even when I was
teaching the paid mentorship stuff, I
said that that is the highest form of
trading when you're trading at the highs
of a false breakout and getting short
right there because it takes a great
deal of conviction. You're out there in
open space where there's no safety net.
You have to have a strong conviction
about this was absolutely fake.
And the easiest way to determine that
with a consistent that will repeat is
only trying to look for those when
you're brand new. Look for those types
of setups when the market's bearish. And
you'll see that those types of ideas,
you know, false breakouts over body side
liquidity when the market's bearish.
It's easier to take those trades and
you'll grow into that over time. The
most difficult trades for me as ICT is
when the market's primarily bullish and
it's in a strong bull market and selling
short a false break above buy liquidity.
If I really push the envelope of of
participation, I will have more losing
trades in that environment if I'm using
that model. So, I don't use that model
in those environments,
but I do have some tricks up my sleeve
and I just showed them, you know, this
this week and whatnot about where I can
see the the the large shift in
probabilities in my favor that we're
near a high. Now, that's not like
guessing, okay, you know, the market
might go to this level here before you
start looking for shorts. That's a
guess.
That's a guess.
There has to be something else besides
just simply tossing it out there in the
ether and then if it happens you cheer
your yourself say look how smart I am
look at me and it pales in comparison to
what I'm showcasing the last two weeks
where every quadrant is nailing the
highs and the lows just like that over
and over and over again daddy just like
that just like that over and over and
over not luck oh no no no luck has no
part in the conversation here
this is technical science. We We have
left, okay? We have left
classical analysis concepts
in the past. We have evolved.
In the last couple months, I I've had uh
people send me things by way of email,
mailing me things. And by the way, Dan,
thank you for the shirt and the the mug
and all the letters I got. It's too many
too many. I know some of you want to see
me like take a picture of what you sent
me and to finally confirm that you got
something and and you mail it to me. I
get so much stuff. It's I have things I
haven't opened up yet. I have a garage
that literally is piling up where I
don't have space for this stuff. So, I I
don't want to just simply throw it away
because I think it was rude if I did
that. But I I asked you before, please
don't send me stuff. I don't need gifts.
I'm not asking for that stuff. you know,
I I just
don't have the time to get to
everything. But I know that when folks
send me messages or they'll send me
comments or they'll leave comments or
they'll mail me letters that are very
very long and and I do my best to try to
read them, but I can't sit down and
respond with something equal to that.
Like I I don't have the time to do that.
And saying that, I know if it's somebody
that you're listening and you sent me
something like that and you're expecting
that type of uh response by me, that
might sound like I'm just brushing you
off or kind of like dismissing you. It's
just I don't I don't have literally the
time in the day to be able to do that to
everybody that sends me things or sends
me emails. Like I just simply don't have
that time. I when I was a a smaller guy
where my influence wasn't so prominent,
I respond I reply to everybody because I
felt that that was my duty. You know, if
if you're going to take the time to send
something to me, write me a question or
or an essay about something, I would
take the time to read it, contemplate on
it, and respond to it. I don't have that
luxury anymore. And and admittedly, I
kind of missed that because it was an
intimacy level that I had with the
students that is kind of like escaped
me. And it's simply because of the sheer
number of all of you that are interested
in what I'm doing and what I've taught.
But we have left
all classical analysis concepts and I
have seen things sent to me where
there's a lot of people out there
teaching my things now and like for
instance there's a young man that's on
YouTube putting out ads and stuff and
he'll say what we do is we look for a
box area. Well that you know what that
is. That's my favorite gap. But he can't
say that because he's selling something
that people can just simply go to my
YouTube channel or follow me on X and
get it for free. So I'm not trying to
make anybody upset or trying to take
your meal ticket from you. I don't care.
My strong my back is strong enough to
carry every one of you. Okay? I always
will have new lecture points. I will
always have new PDAs and applications. I
I I will never run out of things. But
we have to agree that there has been a
shift
in the marketplace and what people use
in trading.
And I have been such
well
I've been so
wow I'm literally at a loss of words
here to say it the right way.
I'm honored.
I'm humbled that so many around the
world are implementing what God has
given me. And it's been such a privilege
to be able to share this with everyone
because when I was a younger man,
when I started seeing just how good this
was, I contemplated not listening to God
and holding it to myself and saying, you
know, this is this is too good. Like
this is too good to share. Like Larry
Williams said one time, he was uh he was
doing a keynote speaker address for
short-term trading. And it was a old VHS
tape that I bought down in Trader
Library in Columbia, Maryland. And just
because I had his name on, I bought it.
I had no idea what he was going to talk
about. And honestly, the video really
wasn't all that great, but because he
was my hero and technically still is. I
mean, you I love the guy. I don't trade
anything like him, but I just simply
have an affinity for him that I always
will. And I guess it's the same way a
lot of you feel towards me. And that's
cool. I I get it. Don't get me wrong. I
get it. But I don't see
I don't see many things in this video
that was useful except for one of the
members of the discussion or he was
doing whatnot asked him you know can you
release some of the stuff that you trade
in a book cuz he was covering some kind
of u setups where he just commonly you
talked about it in brush uh brush ideas
you vocabulary very simple nothing art
you know artistic about it. Nothing
complex, no technical science involved.
You know, if if today's open or today's
close was higher than two days ago, then
he's going to short, you know, 20% of
the daily range yesterday. And that's
kind of like what he was talking about.
And I have never been a fan of that.
Like, I've never been a fan of it. I
mean, he could show he's made millions
of dollars doing that. To me, it made no
sense. And still to this day, it makes
no sense to me. It's just something as a
catalyst, which is no different than
every retail concept out there. It's
overbought, so therefore it must go
higher. Wrong.
I lost lots of money. I lost fortunes
buying oversold conditions in RSI and
bullish divergence after bullish
divergence. And I did not understand as
a 20-year-old that the market was simply
going lower. I completely resisted it. I
was in denial. I said, "No, it's it's
oversold. Every time these two lines go
below that level, it makes a short-term
low. Even if it only goes up a little
bit, I could probably make a little bit
of money." And I argued with myself. I I
reasoned with myself that these archaic
principles,
which is retail concepts,
is going to finally work in my hands if
I just keep sticking to it. And I stuck
to it until the accounts were blown.
What changed?
What changed in my perception about
price action?
I stopped demanding that I had to be
right about what I thought was going to
happen.
And that's a very, very expensive
lesson.
It's very expensive because it requires
you to lay down your presuppositions
about what you think the market's going
to do because of your ego or your fear.
Those two things right there are in the
way of everything that you're trying to
do. Not me, not me hiding something, not
teaching you per you perfectly or short,
straight to the point. I'm doing
lectures like that right now and I'm
still getting complaints.
Still still getting complaints.
I'm going right to the point just like
that. The charts are made up for you.
Annotations are explained in detail. I'm
doing all
of the annotations that you would be
expected to do to show you that this is
what you should have been doing all
along. And this is the bare minimum
approach of doing it. If you're really
being diligent about it, you're going to
have multiple time frames and you're
doing the same thing. That's why I teach
you to have one pet market. Be a
specialist. And I learned that from
lawyer women, but I didn't get to the
point I was saying. The guy said, "Can
you put all this stuff that you use to
make a lot of your money in a book?" and
he said, "It's too good for the book.
This stuff's too good for a book." And
that's what I felt.
That's what I felt in 1998
when I had a thousand people in my
internet relay chat room that were
literally sitting there with a check or
a credit card in hand ready to give me
whatever I asked for.
And I didn't want to do it because it
was too good to share. I had students
I had students literally coming to my
home
on Monday nights.
Think about that. You all want that
experience, right?
I would literally order pizza.
We would watch wrestling afterwards, but
I would teach them. I'd coach them. And
I loved it. And even then in the pit of
my stomach this gnawing little voice
thing saying saying and it wasn't God
obviously it was Satan but he was saying
this is too good to tell them don't tell
them it's yours keep it there's nothing
wrong with being selfish
and there in the beginning I tried to be
selfish with it and you know what
happened
it stopped working in my hands
not because they challenged the
algorithm, not because I didn't know how
to trade, but because I wasn't doing
what it was supposed to be done once it
was given to me. And I also stopped
understanding and knew things were not
given to me.
So, I had to have a paradigm shift.
I had to discover who I really was and
lay down selfishness. Lay down
it's all about me. It's all about me.
It's all about me.
And that's what young guys, like most of
everyone out there right now, and most
of my community is made up of young men
that simply just want to be the bad
version of ICT.
You know, the the smack talk, the stone
cold Steve Austin of of trading, you the
kind of guy, which isn't really who I
am. That's not who I am. I'm not the
bipolar guy. I'm not the angry guy. I'm
not the person that's always looking for
something to, you know, drum up drama
with, but I've done all those things in
the past that garner attention because I
knew if I got you here long enough to
listen, I'd hook you for life because I
know how these markets work. I know how
they book. I know how they're going to
book in in perpetuity. They're not going
to change the way they've been doing
this. Before electronic trading existed,
a group of men sat there and they
manipulated the markets just like this.
It wasn't as perfect. It wasn't to the
tick all the time, but it was generally
the same principles of marketing making.
And listen, I understand that not all of
you and your favorite mentor is going to
hear something like that. You'll take a
sound clip and say, "Listen to this
guy." It's it's been happening in the
past before. But none of these champions
ever came here to debunk what it was
because I can call it live. They won't
do that. They won't be able to tell you
right to the tick. I got my students
that can do it. I can literally just
take a step back and say, you know, here
here's two of my top students right now
and they can simply just do what they
learned from me and cancel all the
arguments.
But when I when I step out here, what
I'm trying to showcase is control.
Number one, self-control
and control over your expectations about
when you should be participating in the
marketplace. It was wonderful not doing
anything with trading, nothing for a
couple months, nothing with social
media. I detoxed.
I feel like I'm a different person right
now. I feel grounded. I feel ready to be
a grandfather. I feel ready to pursue
the next chapters in my life. And my
health is never been as good as it is
right now.
Like my resting heart rate is 55.
My blood pressure is 110 over 60.
I sleep 6 to 8 hours a night now. And I
spent my entire life doing 4 hours on,
be up for a little while, four hours
again, and wherever I needed a nap, I'd
do it. But in my 50s, something shifted.
Something changed,
and I had to make changes. Well, that's
the same thing you're going to have. You
hear my puppy Scout in the background
snoring. She's letting everybody know
she's here.
You're going to have these shifts in
your development as a trader.
And sometimes
you might have for instance it might be
a specific approach that you learned
from me
but somehow something is changing in you
and it's called growth really what it is
but you may be feeling like you're
outgrowing it or you need a new twist or
tweak of it. And that's fine. There's
nothing wrong with that. But don't throw
the baby out with the bathwater.
Explore other things, other PDAs,
because it'll make you a well-rounded
trader. For instance, take a look at
what we've done over the last two weeks.
I've spoke about a concept that I
learned was very difficult when I was
coming up. When when the stock market
and index averages were making all new
all-time highs,
nobody knew what to do with it. We were
all trying to sell short. We were all
expecting the market to crash. Man, this
thing's got to crash. It's been going up
and going up and going up all through
the '9s.
We had that little bit of a a blip in
2000 Y2K scare which was really one of
the biggest buying opportunities. But I
was, you know, I was in there feeling
fear, intrepidation because what if it
really did happen? What if all the
computers simply just turn off
everything? The market's going to open
up, you know, a thousand points lower
you. It's going to be terrible. It's
going to be horrible. because I had an
infantile understanding about the
marketplace. I don't have that now. A
lot of you don't have that now because
you've experienced seeing the market
through the the lens of someone with
over 30 years of experience seeing
things. I've saw market crashes. I've
seen the tech bubble. I've seen
everything. I've seen all of it. We now
we all learned through a pandemic
scandmic fake stuff that they're all
trying to keep you distracted from. what
they just did to us in 2020 and couple
years through that. All these things I
told you in private mentorship that you
laughed at me and said these things were
never going to happen. I told you beef
prices were going to be so
astronomically overpriced. You got to
you got to prepare for all that stuff. I
told you everything was going to
expensive. I told you the metal market
was going to go through the roof. There
it is. It's happened. And I'm telling
you, it's going to get worse. And if you
don't buckle down and take this serious,
you're going to miss the opportunity to
breadwin when you're going to need it
as long as the markets are available to
us. And and I believe there's a time
coming when we won't be able to do that.
Over in UK, they have a um an idea
they're trying to push digital ID. You
can't work
unless you get this. and they're trying
to push to get through their parliament,
their time in parliament.
You know what that sounds like to me?
Revelation chapter 13. Unless you have
the mark, you can't buy or sell, which
means you can't eat.
You don't think it's going to be easy or
difficult for them to say
you have to have these things, these
documents, this mode of identification
for you to participate in speculation in
the marketplace.
If I'm still here and that happens, I
won't be trading.
I'm okay. I'm okay with it. I've done
enough.
But maybe you haven't done enough yet.
So, it's a call to action. It's a call
to stir you up to be diligent about
this. It doesn't mean get out there and
start betting heavy,
putting everything on on trades and try
to win the lottery type windfall. It
means that you have to take it serious.
Keep what you have. Don't risk too much
using things that I've taught. And
hopefully
I I see a lot of these comments all the
time in ex replies to me and email. I
get tons and tons of emails. Can you
teach about trade psychology
or psych psychology in in in a broad
scope? Every time I'm talking, that's
what I'm doing. And that's why a lot of
the younger folks simply don't want to
listen. They say you you go on you rant
too much. And when I see that, I delete
you. Like I will never You'll see your
post appear in my stuff. But I'm never
reading you again because what you're
showing me is that you're someone that
feels entitled. You think you know how
to learn and should be taught. Then if
you want to be the teacher, teach
yourself.
Be self-taught. Don't come to me. Don't
come to anybody. You're you're smart
enough to figure it out on your own.
That's what you're saying when you say
things like that and you're proving that
you're impatient. And I'm telling you,
if you have those characteristics,
you're going to fail.
That's an absolute guaranteed model of
future failure. And it will tend to
repeat because you won't see what you're
doing is wrong. You're just going to
keep doing it until you figure it out.
And you take out your frustrations on
people like me that want to spend our
time for free,
building you up, edifying you,
encouraging you, showing you what works
and proving that it works like Swiss
time peace precision. And it cost you
nothing but 15 to 18 minutes to listen
to a video. And when you do it twice the
speed, you get you can get me telling
you how to do in 9 minutes now.
And you're getting PDS made for you.
Yeah.
leaving the ideas of classical analysis
and showcasing the elements of
inefficiencies through the wicks. That's
what we've been focusing on the last two
weeks. And by having this focus on it,
it has hopefully
put a spotlight on how you
you as a developing student of price
action, you as someone that's studying
my life's work and smart money concepts,
finding the continuity that's available
and specifically aiming for very
particular
PD arrays because they form around these
quadrants.
When you when we grade these
inefficiencies,
buy sign balance, sell side efficiency,
sell side imbalance, buy side
efficiency, busy, sibby, fair value
gaps, and we have the same perspective
applied to a candlestick wick above or
below the candlestick body.
When we have that, what you're looking
at at is the reference points that the
algorithm is going to go to. It's not
the number of orders that depth of
market level two data. It has absolutely
listen test it. Prove to see whether I'm
telling you the truth or not. This has
always been the challenge I've come out
here and tell you all the time. Spend
some time with what I'm teaching you and
see if it isn't how it works. See if it
doesn't hold up better than anything
else. See if it isn't the closest thing
to perfection you can ever find in
market analysis concepts. See, retail,
you have a plethora of things that don't
even agree.
But the common consensus is is this is
why the markets go up and down. It's
always doing the same thing. It's
support and resistance. Really? Because
I make a mockery of support and
resistance. I I literally make a joke
out of that.
You don't know what high and low to use.
None of these books teach you to do
that. But they have the perfect example
in hindsight. And here's good old ICT
coming out here. Mildmannered
middle-aged man.
Some of you might argue that's not
middle-aged though, is it? But I'm
middle-aged baby.
Here's what the market's really going to
do. And we sit back and we wait and we
watch and it delivers.
I'm not out here
beating my chest. I'm not here
grandstanding. I'm not out here bragging
and boasting. I'm saying, are you pay
are you paying attention?
Are you taking notice of this? Because I
had a guy I I broomed on X. This is the
This is the type of response that
literally I block you. Okay? Like I
don't have any tolerance for stupidity
now. I have no tolerance for ignorance.
I have no tolerance for the lowend low
energy troll. I have no energy for that.
I have too much time that I need to
apply to other personal things like I'm
not that ICT anymore.
Someone that comes to my my profile on X
or leaves a comment in my videos,
they'll say, "You talk about this level
and talk about that level, but if the
market would have went here, you would
have said that level, too."
And I'm talking specifically in response
to as I called out the discount array or
wick on the daily chart.
And I said, "Pay attention.
Grade it."
And it nailed the quadrant. And I
mentioned the fair value gap as well
that it was trading down to on a daily
chart. Go back and look at my post on X.
I don't delete anything. If there's a
typo, it stays there.
it stays there.
If I feel like it needs to be amplified,
I'll put another post behind it, you
know, saying what I really want to say.
But honestly, I'm 53 years old now and
I'm losing concern about that. I'm
relaxing. It's a lot easier for me to
sleep at night not worrying about the
little details anymore. I've said
enough.
But the fair value gap with that
discount wick and the very specific
quadrant, the first one it's going to
come to
They agree
and that fair value gap doesn't close
entirely.
Oh,
see that's what you should have gotten,
young man, instead of opening your
mouth,
talking through ignorance
because you're frustrated because you
want someone to give it to you easy,
nice and lubed. No,
no, no.
When you learn, you learn through
frustration, impatience, and pain.
That's how you learn.
I can't remove that from you. That
part's always going to be there. The
back testing part of it, the journaling,
all that stuff is required. And the
people that say it's not are the same
people that blow accounts over and over
and over again, and they beat their
chest and say they're the best on the in
the planet.
It's foolishness. It's an oxymoron. Look
at me
not doing what I say I should be able to
do,
but it's for entertainment and shock
value. That's what everyone's paying
attention to right now. That's what
everyone's looking at right now. They're
all being entertained by people that
don't know how to do what they say
they're supposed to know how to do.
And all I'm trying to do is simply
remind you in a mild manner way. Look
right here. Pay attention to that. What
does it say to you when price is
behaving in that area? I called your
attention to it.
And then I put the little Harry Potter
wands pointing up
and it stopped going lower and went
straight up from there.
Oh.
Oh. Oh. Now I get it. I get it.
No, you don't.
You don't get it.
Unless you show up every day. Unless you
put the work ethic behind it and you
really study and you disarm yourself.
What's that mean? What's that mean,
Michael? Disarm myself. It means that
when you sit down and you're studying
price action, you're not demanding that
it yields to you and your will.
So, you can go out and say, "I knew it
was going to go up here. Look, here's my
paper trade or here's the rectangle
boxes I show. This is where the trade
would have been if I really took one."
But it's really not an execution.
When you're doing these things and
you're putting it on social media,
you're encouraging bad habits in
yourself and you're looking to be
validated by people like me, which I
will never validate anything like that.
Look how many times people have done it.
I don't ever put a heart behind that
stuff because I know it's
it's a false sense of security.
you what you're experiencing is
if you if you were going to be right
about it going higher and most of you
have a double-minded perspective of
price. Okay? If if I'm wrong, and this
is hypothetically you, not everyone, but
most of you that are brand new or
inexperienced, you'll watch price
action. You're looking at your price and
you're saying, "Okay,
I think it's going to go up to this
level here because it's a relative equal
high or it's an old high, so I think
they're going to go for that liquidity."
But if I'm wrong, it's going to go down
to this one here. Now, what you've just
done is done the very thing that people
that try to sew disinformation say that
I do. I always tell you what I'm looking
for in direction. But I tell you, if I'm
wrong, this is what it's going to look
like. And I'm okay with that.
I've taught you how to disarm yourself.
But you have to disarm yourself in a
manner like this.
I don't need to be right because I'm
studying.
I don't need to be right because I'm
back testing. I don't need to be right
because I'm tape reading. I'm not
required to be profitable right now
because I'm not risking money.
Because
the internet is chalk full of examples
of people getting paid out on these
funded account companies and they're
showing you this is how much my payout
is. Show me how many times your credit
card's been swiped. How many times did
you pay out before you got there?
Because it's no different to my friends
and family members who go to casino and
they Oh, I love it when this happens.
$32,000 jackpot, but they've been there
every weekend for a year and a half
dropping thousands of dollars and
they're in deficit right now. But they
put that out there on the internet
because it soothes them.
It projects winner mentality. Oh, wow.
Look at this person. Big got it
together. They're lucky. And if people
can tell them in responses, "Wow, way to
go. Good for you." That helps them get
through all the money and time they
wasted prior to that.
So, learning properly is disarming
yourself, not expecting that reward,
that pat on the back. You'll get that
because the experience will be building
up in you. That's the pat on the back
where you're no longer feeling that
insatiable desire to go out there and
just press a button because man, I'm I'm
bored. I hate sitting here at this job.
This is a dead-end job. I'm in class.
This this professor literally is boring
me. I don't want to do this. I'm paying
for a college education that I know is
not what I want to do, but my parents
forced me into this and now I got all
these loans stacking up or I got a
scholarship and I don't want to
disappoint them. So, you're looking for
a distraction. So, what are you going to
do? Euro dollar, baby. Let's go.
You're not learning how to do it
properly. You're gambling. You're
looking for a distraction. And there's a
lot of people out there willing to
distract you.
I'm trying to get you to focus.
I'm trying to narrow your focus down to
the things that matter most.
So that way your learning curve is
shortened to the to the
tempo and duration that I believe is
practical, but not all of you are
willing to listen to it
because you have somebody else that's
learned from you that's trying to teach
you.
somebody else has got a different spin
on it
or they have a conspiracy theory about
how I use Andrew's pitchforks in secret
and or I use supply and demand and I
rebranded it and called it an order
block when none of that logic even holds
water.
None of the white stuff is what I teach.
None of it.
All these things are meant to discourage
you.
They're discouraging you. That's all it
is.
And when I step out here and I try to do
my best to say, "Okay,
there's a lot of things I could be
talking about. There's a lot of new PD
rates I could be dropping
in and in instilling that new shiny
object sensation in all of you, which is
a distraction. I'm not trying to
distract you."
I brought into focus
a very specific characteristic in price
action that tends to repeat a lot when
trading at all-time highs. But I want
you to write this down because many of
you probably haven't noticed it yet.
The fact that I brought your attention
to the candlestick premium and discount
wicks and grading them at all-time
highs, it's not just limited to that.
It's always like that. It's always doing
that. whether the market is at all-time
highs or not.
And if you go back and look at my
examples of where I'm taking trades and
where I'm entering, you're going to see
I'm entering on those quadrants. Just
like that. Just like that. When the PD
array forms at a very specific time. So,
there's three components to this recipe.
See, this is the winner's casserole,
baby.
Oh, yeah. Oh, yes.
And none of it requires any old,
archaic, outdated, ineffective retail
logic. No concept of old is being
utilized.
It's all fresh, piping hot right from
the oven of ICT. And this baker never
runs out of yeast.
Calling the immediate term high.
every individual daily high and low and
key intermediate terms swing in intraday
every day since then it's right on these
quadrants
right there with the PD array
think about it folks
that's not luck
oh no that's not luck and John Murphy
wishes he had chapters with this stuff
in it
I guarantee you that book will be a New
York bestseller right now. If he started
putting some good oldfashioned
smart money concepts by ICT in there,
everybody be scrambling. Woo! Did you
hear about this new book? This new book.
This guy, look at him. He's talking
about the Wix, bro. This is the sauce.
This is the sauce. Woo! We are here,
baby. I'm on a boat, baby. Pack our
bags. We're going.
That would be it. Everybody will be lit.
because it seems like a disruption
to the status quo. Things have always
been this way, but now it's different.
What's different?
What is different?
The language, baby.
The language.
See everybody in the winter circle now,
they're all talking the same language.
And everybody outside the winter circle.
They're still on Rosetta Stone trying to
find that language.
They're trying to listen to people that
don't quite have the interpretation.
So they add live and they make up little
things, quirky little things. The
algorithm is going to do this. The
algorithm is going to stop working. This
going to do this. This is going to do
that. This is the real this and this is
the real that.
Can you set your watch to what they're
saying about the marketplace cuz you can
do it with mine.
I'm just saying it's not brag. It's
facts. It's not It's not bragging when
it's facts.
And see, that's the problem.
You generation Z,
you have a problem
with someone like me because I'm not
going to let you I'm not going to allow
you
to pretend that you discovered it on
your own.
I'm not going to allow you to lie and
say it's rebranded and repackaged
because that's a lie.
Everybody's using my concepts the way I
taught them. If they were rebranded,
everybody would be going to a source
material and using the logic that's
taught in that source material that's
apart from me. And because it doesn't
exist, they have to speak the way I
taught it. That's why you can tell
without any time long spent with them
listening to them, you'll know that they
learned from me or one of my students
the way they talk. And that is what the
language I created.
That language is a way for you to
decipher future price action. It's a way
for you to learn past price action. So
that way by repetition, just like
lifting a weight, you're going to get
stronger. Keep doing it. You got to be
consistent with it. You can't just work
out once a month and think, "Well, I
don't know why I'm getting, you know, no
results here
because you're not being consistent. The
same reason why people fail at weight
loss, the same reason why they fail at
becoming fit and tone or muscular or
stronger or more flexible is the lack of
in any measure of consistency. They're
inconsistent. The only consistency they
have is the consistency of
inconsistency. They maintain a
consistency that they are not going to
show up when they should.
Which retail logic is going to mark is
the market going to use this week coming
up? I'm I'm doing a poll right now.
This is a poll. What retail logic is
gold going is it going to use this week?
Is it going to be Elliot wave? Is it
going to be supply and demand? Is it
going to be white off?
Is it going to be bowlinger bands?
What's it going to be? Moon cycles.
The planets are shifting in a couple
weeks. Couple planets going to be in
retrograde. So therefore, the market's
going to do what? I don't know.
has nothing to do with the planets,
but they'll hook you with that if you're
stupid.
If you're silly and you don't have
common sense, every new thing that comes
out is going to hook you.
Larry Williams had a whole chapter about
the phases of the moon and he put his
little full moon and new moon you
scribbles on this chart and said look at
this when the full moon does this or
when the market's trading at a full moon
or a new moon the market does this and
does that okay try going go forward with
it and do something with it well that's
just an observation so why'd you put it
in the book
filler
he didn't need to have that stuff in
that book and what I'm referring to is
the book that he wrote in 1970s, how I
made a million dollars trading
commodities last year. Everybody should
have that book
because the things that he taught about
open interest in there, that still works
today.
Premium markets versus a carrying charge
market. Now, when I say that, see that
they hear that word premium. Oh, see
that's where he learned it from. Premium
and discount. Look at that. We got you.
We trapped you, ICT. You just gave it up
right there. That's one of those
Freudian slips.
Read the book and you'll see what I'm
talking about.
That book still holds true today. I
swear to you, there has never been
another futures commodity trading book
that is better
than that book.
Hands down. Never been another book in
trading commodities better than that
book. And you think, "Wait a minute,
man." You read the reviews and people
say, "And these are people that are
stupid, okay? And I mean that they're
stupid. They're literally foolish." And
it you can tell that they're teenagers,
okay? Or in their early 20s. Oh, this
book is so outdated. You know why they
say that? Because he's showing you
charts from the 1970s. He's showing you
examples of this is what he was teaching
with. How he's going to how's he going
to teach?
How's he going to teach? He can't show
you a chart until the chart's there.
Here's the concept. Here's here's the
principle.
But the things he taught in that book
still hold true today.
They're central tenants to why the
commodity market does what it does. But
now we're going to take a take a huge
step forward and leave that. Okay. I do
not believe that that book's reference
material should be considered retail
logic.
That's why I said buy it.
That's why I said buy it.
Larry, you're welcome. By the way, I get
no kickbacks for this as is a means of
um disclosure. I have no affiliates with
anyone. I would never have an affiliate
with anyone because as soon as my
affiliation with someone and they maybe
they monetize my opinion,
then I'm a liar because I could say
something that millions of you would go
out there and buy because it would
benefit me financially. I have nothing
like that. I turn down that stuff every
single week.
See, you don't understand that. You
think that, you know, maybe there's a
secret affiliate that I'm doing behind
the What am I What am I pushing on you?
trading. Have you asked for it? I said
no.
All the other brokers out there have
asked me. I said no.
Other big names in education have asked
me to do partnerships with them and pay
me. It's always the same. Respectfully,
I appreciate that you're you're willing
to offer that to me, but I have been
consistent with this my entire time as a
educator. I am not going to do that.
Why? Why does that matter to me? because
my opinion is genuine and organic. Then
it's not being purchased. It's not being
influenced. If I say something's good,
I'm telling you I believe it from my own
experience because I have it. Because I
bought it, I paid for it. It wasn't
given to me. I find value in this.
If I'm going to learn from someone, I
want their their response to my inquiry.
I want their their time and energy in in
teaching and conveying an idea or
referencing a material or or product or
service. I want it to be organic. Did
you pay for this? Do you pay for this
out of your pocket or is it being given
to you? Are you being rewarded when
other people subscribe to it? Because if
that happens, it leaves you wondering
how much is being influenced by the
paycheck on the other side of that.
And some of you young folks don't get
that part because you just want to get
tapped in. You want to plug in.
You don't need a lot.
But the things that you do need, you
have to have a wholehearted faith in
what you're dealing with is valuable
information or is a valuable product.
And largely retail concepts are
basically BS.
They're just they're just they're
coincidences
and they don't agree. If the markets
worked off of that logic, you would see
all of it coming together and agreeing
at the same time. And you would see that
argument they're now starting to build
with my concepts. Well, we can't beat
ICT. You know, it's too good. It's too
perfect. It's too consistent.
Everybody's making the most money using
it. Everybody's now teaching and
rebranding my stuff that's supposed to
be rebranded something else. why they
can't go out and just use the stuff that
I supposedly rebranded.
See, I killed the white off angle. It's
destroyed.
Just like when I start talking about the
order block, it took very little time
for me to destroy the supply and demand
aspect that people were trying to use
there, too. We cut through candles.
We're not talking about fresh the bun,
fresh supply zone.
Man, that was some fun times. That was
fun. I'm going to be honest with you.
That was some fun stuff.
But retail logic would all agree.
If it was based on that, if the markets
really worked on that stuff,
they would all agree. It would all be
what they say. We're all trading the
same thing. We're all trading Fibonacci.
We're all trading liquidity.
That's funny.
That is an interesting observation
because I think there's one person
one.
I'm looking around
over the last 30 years and there has
never been another person talking like
the guy shouting to you right now.
But we've all been trading this way.
Come on, man. Come on. I didn't I Look,
look. I didn't just step off the boat
yesterday, buddy. Okay, this this this
has got to have some credibility applied
to it. Where are you getting that from?
That's just a new angle.
That's just a new angle to discourage
you and say, you know what, you're
right. You're right, ICT, but I'm never
going to say it publicly, but we're just
going to tap out and say, you know,
we're all trading the same things
anyway. Well, it's funny because I don't
see them getting in there at the
consequent encroachment of a fair value
gap like I do and use one and a half
handle stop losses and dare the market
to hit it and it doesn't. You don't see
that.
You don't see one 20-year-old kid
learning how to talk like me and my
profitable, consistent students doing
that,
do you? No, you don't. So, don't
pretend. Don't bring the rhetoric like
you do it. Cuz you don't.
You didn't discover anything but me.
And some of you are disheartened because
you didn't find me soon enough. Just be
thankful that you did.
Just be thankful.
It gets better.
It gets better. There's no upsell.
There's no mentorship to swipe a credit
card for.
And I don't lose interest in teaching
it.
So all you repackaging guys out there,
you have a broad bright future, baby.
You got fresh bread coming.
And it won't break me.
I don't lose sleep over that. I know
what you guys are doing. I get it. I get
it. You need to eat. You need to find
your place in the world. I get it.
But for the people that want to learn,
stop looking to follow attention-seeking
people.
I promise you the most sincere advice I
can give you is that. Because if they
had your best interest in mind,
if they really wanted to teach because
they love what they do and they can do
it regardless and make money, they would
do it for free.
They would do it for free. I promise
you, they would do it for free. If they
were really rich, if they could really
make hundreds of thousands of dollars in
a day, anytime they want to sit down in
front of a chart and do that, they would
teach for free. If they were the
greatest of all time, they were the
goat. Instead of showing themselves
flying around on an airplane that was
paid for by mentorship, people paying,
they would teach for free.
But they need that income. They need
that money.
They need it.
And for the folks that want to know,
ICT's only got his model together so he
can sell it on uh ad revenue. You know
what I You know what I earn a day on ad
revenue?
You ready for this? You ready? $500 a
day.
Holy smokes, man. Alive. I'm getting
ready to go down to Virginia and buy a
Z06 for $170,000
cash. And I promise you, I promise you
ad revenue can't pay for that. I promise
you it can't. Okay? It can't do it.
Listen,
all the penny pinching counting pocket
watchers out there, they're always going
to come. If you put yourself out there
in the world, they're going to come at
you, too. Because these people are
constantly hateful and miserable.
If they were profitable, if they knew
what they were doing, they don't have
time to be negative.
There's no point in being negative. If
these people are successful traders and
they make money, why are they so angry
and bitter all the time?
I'm walking around like I got Viagra in
me every single day. I'm happy about it
all. I'm happy when people are making
money. I don't care if there's with my
stuff or not. It's great when it is, but
I love seeing success stories. I love
seeing other people do well. I love
seeing other people overcomp
overcompensate, okay, for the weaknesses
they hold on to and disarm themselves.
Say, you know, I'm not going to hold
that anymore. I'm going to put it down.
I'm going to start looking at things
differently. I'm not going to dwell on
the things that I can't do well right
now because I know I'm working towards
doing it better in the future and I'm
not going to be discouraged by anybody
that says otherwise.
If your circle of influence, you're
letting people into your circle of
influence and they're they're prideful
and they're beating their chest and
they're the best and they're the goat
and they can do nobody's be able to do
it better than them and blah blah blah
and they got a price tag at the end of
it.
Join my so and so.
That's a red flag.
That's a red flag.
That's a sales pitch.
And I promise you,
a dollar to a donut that my sales pitch
is better.
I'm free.
I am the definition of free. I don't
need to do anything for money. I don't
ever need to trade again. I don't ever
have to teach anything because I've
taught how you're supposed to do this.
this lecture that I just gave the last
two weeks that was going to be my last
public suare as a educator.
I have books coming
and the books will for my most due
diligent following students that have
really poured in the the time and
energy. You don't need to buy these
books. I promise you I don't need your
money for it. The only purpose I have by
writing them is to simply have it in
writing from my own words the right way.
Because there's a lot of people out
there that have my stuff in books and
it's it's astonishing to see how many
books have been written about me and my
work and largely they're incomplete
and there there is no book out there
that teaches it the way I have taught it
entirely and what I intend to show. So
everything that I have in the books
coming is in that YouTube channel.
So listen to me when I'm telling you.
I'm not trying to make money off of
stupid people, which is what the the the
flavor of the month is right now. The
flavor of the month right now is keep
steep keep stupid people entertained
long enough to make money off of them.
That that's that's it. That's what's
going on right now.
To me, that's shocking.
It's disgusting. And frankly, it's
shortlived. I promise you, it's going to
fall quick.
So, you have a choice. You can either
waste your time
and following people like that really
don't have your genuine best interest at
heart.
You're you're a commodity to them.
I'm talking right now on a Saturday
where I could be fishing.
I could be spending time with the two
puppies I still have that are here with
me. I could be shopping.
I could be doing a number of things with
my time.
I'm giving you my time which is so
expensive
and I'm even encouraging you to take it
and put it on your YouTube channel and
monetize it. Where's the logic in that?
If I'm a broke guy that just wants to
make money off of you,
[Laughter]
have you ever thought about that?
Generation Z, have you thought about
that one?
I don't need anything from anyone, but I
have a lot to share and I love doing it
because I know I have people in this
community that absolutely appreciate the
fact that I don't need to do this and
the stuff that I teach works better than
anything ever will. because I'm teaching
you the market. I'm teaching you how the
market will behave. I'm telling you when
it will not behave properly.
In closing, I want to ask you, did did
you pay attention to how NASDAQ
December contract traded on Friday?
Did you happen to notice that?
Did did you happen to notice what the
daily high was and what the daily low
was? Did you did you happen to notice
that?
Did you happen to notice that it was an
inside day? It was not able to find its
way below Thursday's low or above
Thursday's high. Did you happen to
notice that? Did you log it? Did you Did
you notice anything in particular about
why it stopped at those levels?
What else appeared intraday at those
levels? What was useful information in?
If you missed it, I got it for you.
Sunday, Sunday night, I'm going to post
a a review so that way you got it and
we'll start a fresh on Monday. But
o over the
past three decades, I have enjoyed being
many personas on the internet. And I
have been accused of things that I
didn't do. Uh I've been called the
greatest of all time. I'm not. Uh, I
have been accused of
well I there was a time when actually
they were trying to say I was copying
somebody else when I was on internet
really chat m back then um there was a
guy that was trying to make a name for
himself and
there was a way for you to copy whenever
whenever someone posted you could copy
that post in other chat areas
immediately. So, it's like copying an
instant message. Okay.
And
the fact that that was going on, this
man who lived in New York, he had a
short little stint and and sold stuff on
the internet and whatever, did
commercials and whatnot, but uh he he
was basically trying to say that I
copied him until I started sitting down
and calling the S&P live
with a 90% accuracy every single day,
every morning session, every single day.
and he never could live up to that after
that. See, I'm the type of guy if
someone says those types of things, I'm
going to come out there and crush that
because I understand the privileged
position I'm in.
I have a privilege that's been given to
me. I have a position that was not
earned,
but admittedly in the beginning, I
wasn't the greatest ambassador with it.
and greed tapped me on the shoulder and
I was not going to share this.
I was not going to.
But
you know who he is. He leans on you and
says, "Um, remember the bargain that you
had here?
I do this then you do that, right?
Remember that? Remember that part that
you do that in response to me doing that
for you?"
And you know, he has a way of p you
persuading you. Let's just say it that
way. And I'm glad I'm glad now looking
back that
I have done it. But
I can be honest and tell you that I I I
knew that there'd be a great deal of
people out there repackaging it and
rebranding it and running with and
pretending that they didn't learn it
from me or or one of my students and
create these little, you know, real
quick uh boutique shop businesses where
they're selling the idea of explaining
the left side of the chart.
And I have students that have matured
past that cuz a lot of them started that
way.
And now some of them are, you know, in
in social media there are some of the
best analysts right now and you know who
they are. They stand out, the ones that
do very very well and they don't hide
their losses. They don't hide their
their shortcomings or their frailty. And
they call out BS when they see it. And
they're not defenders of me. They're
just who they are. They learn from me.
They use the concepts. They don't hide
from it. And I got a great deal of
respect for that. Even if they don't
like me personally as a man because they
got hung up on the the marketing side.
This is the real me. This is this is who
I am. If you were coming over my house
on Monday back in the '9s and I was
teaching you, this is exactly how I
talked.
There was no flamboyance. There was no
ego. You know, I ate pizza just like the
guys next to me sitting on my couch, you
know, watching my big screen TV that I
was renting at the time. How about that?
It was rent to own anyway, though. But
that's not what you did back then. You
did things like that when you were
coming up and I was teaching before I
was ready to teach, but I had that
desire to teach. I wanted to teach.
I wanted to. There's a young man that uh
reached out to me in email yesterday.
Scott, you you I know you're probably
listening. Um his dad was actually
preaching the night I got the Holy Ghost
and was born again. And he was one of
the guys that used to also come over my
home and because I was hiding from a
gold digger, he saw how I was living and
understood this doesn't make any sense.
You're able to do this and this is what
you're you're living like this. And it's
because I made a mistake as a young man.
I let arrogance and conceit and wanting
to be wanted by the opposite sex because
I was hurt. All these things are
detrimental to trading. So for for some
of you think this what this got to do
with anything. If you're a male, this
has everything to do with you. If you're
young, if you're single, this is how
you're going to crash out. This is how
it's going to happen. Because if you get
a taste of success, you get some money.
You become new money.
You think you can do anything to whoever
you want to do it to?
Yeah, I can sleep with that woman. I
don't have to have a relationship with
her. Yeah, I can do that with that girl.
I know she's got a boyfriend. I know
she's married, but she wants it. She can
get it. That's what a young ICT was
doing. And it finally happened. I caught
one that knew something more about me
than I knew that she knew. and Cody is
the result of that. And she told me
straight up, I'm taking you to the bank.
Her husband said that they both were
taking me to the bank. So, what's a man
like me going to do?
I'm going to lose it all.
I'm going to lose it all and live way
below my means and deliver pizza.
And when we got to mediation, there was
nothing she could do. and I lived under
the radar for a number of years.
And Scott, you know, that's the facts
and you were there watching it happen.
And
humble beginnings is how I started. But
I've always had this passion to teach.
I've always wanted to teach. I taught
martial arts.
I taught
things that people would get in a lot of
trouble knowing how to do today as a
young man.
And the market was no different. As I
learned, I was like, "Man, this is
amazing. I want other people to know
this because you don't learn this in
school. You don't learn this in
university."
I'm I'm telling you right now, I'm
telling you right now, my stuff has gone
so far and broad. I'm waiting I am
waiting for colleges to start talking
about these concepts when it comes to
markets,
finance, all these things because if
you're in uni
and you're ever studying those types of
things like my uncle who actually was
one of the biggest inspirations to me
learning how to trade the uh
the influence he had to remain when I
was younger cuz I I wanted to be like
him. You know, he was, in my opinion,
successful. He had his own home, two
cars, he got paid good money, and he had
gone to college, but he didn't quite
complete it. He had to complete it while
he was working at KFC as a manager
because he got laid off at Westinghouse.
So, he lost his really good high-paying
job.
But it didn't deter me in looking at him
as a mentor, as a person of significant
influence over me. And
what he was describing when he was going
through school and his major was
finance, business administration,
specializing in finance.
And he came out very books smart, but
when it came to trading, it was like
this barrier, this wall where he he
couldn't see it. He could not see it.
Still to this day, he can't see it.
And I'm sure it's a great deal of of
frustration for him. And that's what I'm
trying to spare you from because I know
a lot of you want to be contrary to
whatever I say. You want to do it
opposite. So that way if I say
something, if I say gold's going to go
lower or gold's going to go higher or
Bitcoin's going to go to whatever this
and that, whatever, you want to go
immediately go to your demo account and
do the opposite. And so that way you can
go on the internet and say ICT said this
and this is my trade. So you can have
your 5 seconds of fame. It's always been
like that. I'm not the only person
that's ever happened to. Anybody with a
voice in any industry, there's always
going to be some want to try to compare
and contrast for attention.
But my uncle was a perpetual contrarian
and he held true to retail concepts. And
I was trying to explain to him. I said,
"Uncle Stan, listen. Listen, man.
I'm making real money here. I'm making
what you make in a year, in three days.
Can you can you show me how your RSI,
how that and the stochcastic and the CCI
and the moving average crossover and the
last time it did this in your body and
this part of your body achd and all
these signs you're talking about. Can
you please tell me what you think is
going to happen tomorrow? Well, I don't
know. I I I I've been I've been thinking
about it. I've been thinking about it.
And then once it happens the next day,
he's like, "I knew it. I knew it." I
said, "Do you see what's going on, Co?
Do you see what's going on?
You don't know what you're doing, but
you're deceiving yourself. You're you're
spending time with the what if." And you
know that if it goes up, it might go to
that level, but if you're wrong, it
could go here.
And here, I told you that soybeans is
going to do this tomorrow. It's going to
go right there tomorrow. It's not going
to go down there.
And here I made $12,000 real money. And
you didn't make any more money than what
your job's going to pay you. And you're
wrong about your outlook on the
marketplace.
And I would do it day after day after
day. And he got mad. He just like just,
you know, frustrated. And it wasn't long
after that. He said, "Listen, when you
moved in here, it was just to get your
feet on the on the on the underneath
you, not to get rich."
Okay. And I moved out. I didn't live
there for free. Whatever they asked for,
I would have paid.
But if that's a family member and
they're not willing to see it, they want
to argue against it. Why are you
surprised that other people out there
that have a monetary reason behind why
they want to stand in front of you
learning this or hide the fact that
they're teaching what I taught and
rebranding it? Why are you surprised by
that? You shouldn't be surprised.
It's human nature.
And the people that have succeeded under
me are the people that say, "You know
what? I've heard a lot of things about
this guy.
He said a lot of things and he didn't do
it.
There's a reason not to believe him. But
when I sit down and I talk to you
sincerely and I take I strip away all
the image,
I do it for fun. I tear down and blaze
up. Not in a good way. I burn inner
circle trader down over and over and
over again and he can keep rising back
up like a phoenix. Why? Because I know
what I'm doing. It's all orchestrated.
It's all part of it. It's a filtering
process. If you're so hung up on hero
worship,
you're not going to pay attention to the
things you should be paying attention
to. You want to be able to talk about
you're part of this community and nobody
can say anything bad about you. And
that's the wrong perspective. You're not
here to have everybody agree with you.
That's what retail logic is. Everybody
agreeing.
Find the retail trader in the crowd in
any live stream. They're going to ask,
"Are we going up? Is it time to buy?
What's the next move? ICT? What's the
next thing? Where where's it going to go
next week?" That's retail logic right
there. Not Wow, we just pegged this
market. We just pegged it to the tick.
It literally followed the script like a
dog being walked on a leash. A very very
taunt short leash, mind you.
Relish in that.
Savor that.
What you just witnessed the last two
weeks. Nobody else was doing that.
Nobody else was doing that.
That's not arrogance. That's not pride.
That's simply just stating the facts
that you are witnessing the trueisms
behind the marketplace. Why does this
market behave the way it does? Why does
it go where it goes? It's not random.
And if you can if you can appreciate
the level of consistency and continuity
and precision that what I'm teaching
displays, not just once in a while,
whenever I'm talking about it,
whenever I'm talking about it, it says,
"Yes, sir.
As you say, sir."
Why is that?
Why is it Why is it that that happens
all the time? Is it luck?
Am I influencing everybody on the
internet to buy or short at the same
time and all get out at the same price?
Cuz that's impossible. We all can't get
the same fill.
We all can't get it.
But maybe, just
maybe,
this is a stretch and I understand it's
I'm really reaching with this one, but
maybe maybe just maybe
there's something going on
that I talked about
that exists,
that's premeditated,
that's algorithmic, it's scripted.
Maybe, just maybe,
there's something to that.
I I know. I know. But hear me out. Hear
me out. Just give me a chance.
Just
maybe
it'll keep working.
Just Just maybe next week these things
will work.
Just
perhaps, maybe. No guarantee, right? No
guarantee, but maybe
Monday it might work too. Wait, wait,
wait.
And maybe it won't ever stop.
Have you considered that?
Have you considered that? Have you
considered the lack
of statistical probability and
continuity that all retail logic has
shown and fallen short and fallen on its
face regardless of who uses it?
Whatever mode of operation of analysis
concept, it's short
in delivering.
It does not
have the signatures of precision that
you see in this. It does not.
If we were standing in court
and I had to say,
let me let me show you
why this is what I believe is what's
going on. I have a plethora of evidence
now in public domain where people
literally watch me call this stuff live
to the tick
on every time frame. Second charts,
minute charts, 15-inute charts, hourly
charts, 4our charts, daily charts,
weekly charts,
the yearly range. When is it going to
start moving? ICT, where do where did
you just come from? The market's been
crap.
You come back on a very specific day and
just suddenly the market just suddenly
comes back to life like a fresh breath
of air.
Breathe it in.
How sweet it is.
What's going on, ICT?
Turn that switch on, baby.
I did.
I did. And you all seen it. You all feel
it now, don't you?
It feels good to be in the in crowd,
doesn't it? It feels good to be in the
crowd that knows what's up.
No retail logic implied.
No retail logic leaned upon.
You have at your fingertips
the greatest advantage in modern
technology as it relates to finance,
trading, and speculation.
And it's cost you no money.
How can you compare this to anything
else? You can't.
It has no equal. It has no rival. It has
nothing greater than it.
And it's perfection.
It's perfect. It's too good. To quote
Larry Williams, it's too good for the
book.
That's why I did it in front of all of
you. I told you what the market's going
to do. I had people literally
behind a payw wall watching me do this.
every single day. Every single day. This
is what the the cable market's going to
do. This is what the dollar index is
going to do. This is what the Euro
dollar is going to do. This is what this
is going to do. Every day, just like
that over and over, over and over, over
and over, over and over. And still I had
people,
but you don't do this ICT. You don't
tell us when to buy. You don't tell us
where to put a stop-loss. So, that to me
confirms you're a fraud.
[Laughter]
Oh man.
And it still happens today. It still
happens today.
The whole point of this is if you spend
time watching and studying,
you will see your model. You will see
your entry technique. The very PD array
that jumps off at the chart every time
you sit down and watch price action. the
one that just jumps off the I don't see
order blocks. I don't see uh fair value
guys. There's too many of them. I don't
know which one to use. Okay. Well, look
at the look at the quadrants in the
surrounding inefficiencies and wicks
because they're going to build a grid.
Okay. There's going to be a grid that's
formed on your chart where time
and price
that gradient level and a PD array
agree. You have a winning freaking
trade. Guaranteed, baby. Guaranteed or
money back.
Challenge it. Don't take my word for it.
Go into your charts and see it cuz it's
there every day. Every day. You don't
need to subscribe to these signal
service hawkers. These people are
stupid. They go and they pay for
something that's for free.
You could be sitting there every single
day carving out your own paycheck.
whatever you want to make.
Who's going to say you can't make it
today? Who?
Nobody can say it. But in your mind,
you're saying, "But I might not be able
to do it."
I believe you.
If you say you can't do it,
I believe you.
But if you say you can,
I really believe you.
I really believe you. Cuz I do it. I got
students that listen and they do it.
They're making annual salaries every
four weeks of a doctor
of a surgeon.
over over
over again.
They're not selling mentorships. They're
not hawking anything on social media.
They tap in once in a while, every six
months, maybe nine months or year. Hey,
hey, Michael. Hey, this this is where
I'm at. I just can't thank you enough.
This is amazing. It's It's exactly like
you said it was. And I'm off to do this.
I'm off to do there. My wife and I are
doing this. My children, I'm put my kids
in college. I just bought this house. I
bought that house. I built this. I built
that. They're living and they're not
living on social media, but they're
living in a really real world.
They don't care who believes in me. They
don't care if there's an algorithm or
not because they're using it.
They are using it every day, every week,
every day. And it will not ever, ever,
ever stop.
Where do you get that guarantee from in
all your dollar mentor mentorships? You
don't get that. You don't get that
guarantee. You don't get it because they
can't perform it. They can't walk it.
They can't live it. But they can sure as
hell talk about it in the left side of
their chart for just a low down payment
of $300 a month.
Prove your worth.
Prove it.
You want our money, you better earn it.
How many's out there really doing that?
H You're looking for them, aren't you? I
heard this guy. This guy, they're really
good at signals. Okay.
Call it.
Call it. Do it live.
give it away for a month or two for
free. Open live streamed
with the lowest latency
with a regulated broker
and then maybe you got a voice. Then
maybe maybe
you have something that people can in
investigate, look into, see if there's
any worth to it.
But I'm here to tell you
that's only going to get you so far.
That's only going to reward impatience
because you're trying to go in there and
try to trade with money before you're
ready. How could you have that much
faith in someone that's unproven that
you don't know? You've never had dinner
with this person. You've never met their
family. You don't know what things are
going on in their life behind the
scenes. You don't know.
You don't know.
But you're going to give this person
money with the expectation and faith
that they're going to give you a signal
in the marketplace that's going to yield
you a profitable outcome.
What?
But you don't have one quarter of that
measure of faith in yourself on learning
how to do this on your own. What what an
insult.
What an absolute insult that is to you
yourself. How can you look at in the
mirror and and see someone that is
prepared to trade profitably? You're
literally giving a stranger more faith
than you hold in your own ability to
learn how to do this. That's shocking to
me. That's shocking to me.
All it takes is a little bit of
coordination
and repurposing that faith into
yourself.
That's all it takes.
Saying
this person might be profitable. This
person may run a service that has
signals or teaches really well. They may
be able to do that. They may be able.
I'm sure there's somebody out there
that's doing it.
But why