Hello folks, welcome back. Today is
September 17th, 2025.
Okay, and tonight's lecture is going to
be on trading FOMC two-stage delivery.
All right, so we're looking at the
NASDAQ. uh we rolled over to December
contract. In case you haven't noticed,
the the volume open interest has
increased to the degree that December is
now higher and more active.
All right. So, we're looking at on the
left hand side, it's the daily chart for
December contract of NASDAQ futures
here. And then over here, we have a one
minute candlestick chart for the same.
Okay. And this handsome devil here, he's
got his eye on you. Okay.
So, um, for the folks that may want to
ask, no, I'm not going to remove that
because it's simply a matter of piracy.
Uh, people take my stuff and pretend
it's theirs. So, this way, there's only
one of me. Okay. So, the
the concepts I went over last night as
it regards to
trading all-time highs or or near
all-time highs is to constantly look at
very specific price points,
volume balance, fair value gaps,
the opens,
closes,
and try to avoid trying to pick the top.
Now, it doesn't mean that once you're
seasoned as a analyst that you can't
look for shorts, but they have to be
intraday, but the larger scale price
runs
are going to be more apt to be in line
with going higher because, you know,
it's impossible to pick the top. Okay?
And anyone that tells you that they
figured it out, they're lying. All
right? So by looking at
the intraday chart here,
notice that this high and this high are
relatively equal.
And if you go back to the left a little
bit more over here as well. And I'll
counsel you to look at the open and
close of yesterday's candle on the daily
chart. Mark that out and you'll see that
that's very close to running out these
relatively highs. And that's what we
have here at 9:30. We have a run up and
it breaks lower. So we have a shift in
market structure. And this is enough to
indicate a shift in market structure
bearishly.
And then another swing low here. Then we
have relative equal lows which we'll
look at as minor sellside. And then we
have a sellside liquidity pool here.
Now,
I'm going to show you by looking at
where this sellside liquidity pool is in
reference to this range here, this
single up close candle on Monday. So,
we're going to look at where this is in
proximity to this range between this
candlesticks low, this candlesticks
high,
and why it's more likely to come back
down into this volume imbalance. and
this fair value. Now, before I get any
further, uh I did some trades today and
I shorted in the morning here. I'll go
over this and then I
ordered once more in the afternoon at
the FOMC just using the model 2022. So,
it's not complicated. It's not Goldbach.
I now have a student of mine that just
insists that that's what it is and he's
convinced other people that's what it
is. I swear to you in Jesus name, it's
not Goldbach. Okay? So, um if if you
want to believe I'm I'm telling you
something that's not true, then then run
with it. Okay? But I I'm honestly
telling you what I'm doing and what I
teach and what I trade with has
absolutely nothing to do with Gold Buck
and no, it's not Enigma. Okay? So buy
side liquidity pool here. We run up at
9:30 opening and then we break lower and
then you know the drill for 2022's
model. We run the fib from the high to
low. We look for it to trade to a
premium. That means it's got to go above
50%. Ideally, you can see a convergence
with the standard flagship pattern of my
channel, which was for a long time the
optimal trade entry, which is simply
just a 3/4 pullback in a impulsive price
leg like this, and then running up
higher into this small little
inefficiency right there. So, we're
going to look at a lot of these things
in a moment in greater detail, but for
now, uh, let's start fleshing out this
lower time frame in relationship to that
daily chart as well.
So here's the buy side liquidity pool
and here is the buy side imbalance
sellside side and efficiency bissy which
is a bullish fair value gap. Uh so we
always want to grade that price swing
but keep your eye on this candlesticks
low right here. I had that noted with
that short little trend line. That is
this line right here. So that way we
don't lose track of where we're at. And
then this line right here on the daily
chart is this level down here. So there
are three blue lines on the one minute
chart but it's only two on the daily. So
the upper one here is just simply the
buy side liquidity pool at 24,528
12. These lower two are in reference to
this buy side balance side efficiency.
All right. So we grade it. So the lower
quadrant consequent encroachment
midpoint upper quadrant
and then levels itself that being here's
the high of the daily bissy upper
quadrant
not quite encroachment midpoint lower
quadrant and the low
and then the southside liquidity pool
here and then the first presented fair
gap after 9:30
a.m. Eastern time. So
that small little inefficiency. We'll
we'll zoom in in a moment. You can see
why I have it outlined as I have it
here. And then we have a smaller minor
side liquidity pool there. So running up
taking by side and then dropping down
southside liquidity pool here taken. And
then notice what they did. They took it
to this low and left that there. And
then it rallied back up. This is classic
model 2022.
When it leaves larger intermediate term
relative equal lows, this is a smaller
minor relative equal low in relationship
to that low and that low. So in other
words, it goes down then rallies back
up. This sellside liquidity pool here
with this low here is unfinished
business. Okay? Uh I'll have chapters um
in the three books coming that I'll
touch on each volume. I'll have more to
say about unfinished business, but the
idea is the market rallies up leaving
the sell side or sell stops here intact,
rallying up, which is a false hope rally
for bulls and it goes up into first
percent fair value gap and then sells
off and cares down through the sell
equity pool and goes right to consequent
encroachment of the daily buy side
efficiency. So, look at that price right
here in the green. 24,447
12.
That's what this is here. 24,447
1/2. It hits it right there. Then comes
right back up to the upper quadrant at
24,473 and a quarter and then hits it
dead on right there and sells off once
more. Goes lower to the lower quadrant.
these quadrants in my inefficiencies
that I place emphasis on from the higher
time frames down lower time frames. I
grade all of them and they're more
sensitive. They're more accurate than
things like common floor pivots. Um you
simple support and resistance ideas
which is absolutely you know left to the
device of the user. It's so subjective.
is absolutely ridiculous to consider
that while the idea of support and
resistance
is beneficial for someone that's brand
new because you know you want to see how
prices bounce at specific levels and and
reject at specific levels above it
but it's not as easy as simply saying
well it's this high and that low because
soon as you try to use it and try to
think like that and the market's just
going to go right on through it so
that's why I've created these concepts
where it's very very specific because it
gets in sync with the algorithm that
doesn't exist. Right?
So, we're going to move the chart over a
little bit in time. And you can clearly
see now here, see that little volume
imbalance right there?
Separation between those candlesticks
open and that candlesticks
close.
Then we have a smaller volume and bounce
there as well. And that's why I'm not
using this little segment right here,
which you probably saw in your chart
thinking that that might be it. But you
always have to include the volume
imbalance because the algorithm is going
to refer to that as well. So the market
drops down, sweeps into these
corion of the daily bi here, and then
rise back up, hits a dead bang on the
upper quadrant. That's this line right
here. So what we're looking at was
looking at it going down to this level
here and all the move from that point
down here. So in other words, from this
green line down to this low, this hasn't
happened yet right here. So we hit the
upper quadrant, we break down the
consequent encroachment, break lower,
come back to consequent encroachment as
resistance.
So this is a premium sensitivity
drops lower, lower quadrant,
lower and then comes back up. Now
failure at consequent encroachment
breaks lower premium sensitivity premium
sensitivity at 24,421 a2 and then
finally we get up to
or down to rather this candlestick's
high here.
So that's this level that blue line is
this blue line here indicating that that
high right there. So last Friday's high
from this high down to that low running
a fib on it. What I'm highlighting here
is the 79% and 62% retracement level. So
this is optimal trade entry here and it
overlaps. Look at our body stop inside
of the first percent of fair value gap.
But it's also halfway point 70.5.
that little sweet spot I taught when the
optimal trade entry hits that and breaks
lower. Comes right back up into a small
little gap right here. We'll look at
that in a minute.
Trades right up into it there. Slams
into it. And it also keep cutting
through. Look at that. You see that?
That's beautiful. This
is venom. So we have a convergence of
fair value gap and venom because we have
this pass through on the upside. This
pass through on the downside. So it can
appear just like that and it isolates
all this price action right here. So it
hits it and then moves lower. Nice
little sellside bounce by efficiency
here. Comes right back up, hits the
consequent encroachment, sells off and
then hits the low of that inefficiency.
That in and of itself is enough for the
morning session. You can hold for lower,
but it's FOMC day. So, you want to be
very surgical about what you're looking
for. Get in, get out.
So, you can see the premium sensitivity
as indicated here. And it went much more
lower than that of the sellside
liquidity pools that we highlighted on
just the one minute chart. So, it's
important by having the levels that's
indicated as I taught last night in
lecture trading with all-time highs or
around all-time highs. Uh, it's really
important that you take your
inefficiencies and you grade them and
transpose those levels onto your lower
time frames and you you'll start to see
setups that were just always there, but
you never noticed them before.
All right. So now I highlighted this
level here purple. You can see it's now
discount sensitivity and that's what
this is here. So this purple line is
this purple line here. So that way we
can track it.
And now I'm zoomed in on the daily chart
over here so we can see a little bit
more detail.
And right down here, this is a volume
imbalance. And if you watch the the
trade example I did today, because I was
watching it and I was keyed up about the
the FOMC announcement activity and the
volatility that was created, I miscalled
this as a as a fair value gap and it's a
volume imbalance. That's what I was
referring to. This is a fair value gap,
but then this down here
is a volume of balance. So, it was
quicker and easier for me to say FVG in
the in the typing while the trade was
open. But, uh, to correct myself that
way. You're I know some of you are
probably thinking, uh, that's not that's
a it's a volume bounce. If that's what
you thought, you're correct. But, I'm
I'm out there going, you know, live and
it's can't you just can't do everything
perfect. When you're trading, you're
concentrating on and it's doing FOMC and
you're trying to teach and you're trying
to type. It's a whole lot of stuff going
on. That's not It's not as easy as it
looks.
All right. So, and then we have this
premium wick. I graded that. So, when
you see these levels over here, uh this
that level right there, 24,384.75,
that's this level right here. So, it's
the upper quadrant of this premium wick.
A premium wick is any wick above a
candle. And this is a discount wick. any
wick that's below the candlestick body.
Okay, so put that in your notes.
And now I am grading the
fair value gap here but including the
volume of balance to that low. Okay. And
you can't see those levels here because
it's below.
Now scrubbing over more into the day now
the PM session.
We can see the sensitivity around that
24,384.75
level, which is this one here. So, at
this moment, price has done at 12:45.
It's trading right in here.
And just I'm sorry, right here. It's
trading right here.
And it's just fallen
just above the consequent encouragement
level right there. And again, this
portion of the day had not been
delivered yet. So, we're right about
here at 12:45. Then we come back up. We
find discount sensitivity here at the
upper quadrant there. Now, it's going to
trade back up to this level here, that
blue line. That's this blue line right
here.
And it's easy to track it by saying
24,400 24,390.
24400
and then 390 is between these two
prices. So that's what this blue line is
here. So that's how you want to be
navigating. And when you're when you're
journaling, I'm actually doing the
charting
all the annotations for you. That that's
the benefit of this this little suare
together. You know, going into the
holidays,
you're encouraged to print the PDF out
or type over them with your additional
annotations, things that are pertinent
to you. So I leave lots of empty space.
That's why I've been doing it this way
because it gives you room to type in
here or write by hand. All this area
over here, you can write in there and
draw special attention to things that I
may not have drawn that much attention
to, but you have seen it and it means
something to you.
All right. And then the 2:00 hour, I've
delineated that. And I've extended the
first percent of your value gap here
into the afternoon. It's something I
teach.
And 2 o'clock is now here.
Price trades up into the first present
fair value gap post 2 p.m. So the market
breaks lower. We have a fair value gap
that's formed here. We trade down into
the upper quadrant of the fair value gap
here between this candlesticks close.
And this candle sticks
below
that quadrant, upper quadrant level at
24,297
3/4. That's this level right here. It
trades down to it there and then rallies
all the way back up to this little gap
right there. So again, all this is is
high to low, 3/4 pullback, optimal trade
entry,
fair value gap, model 2022,
unfinished business, and then unfinished
business down here in the volume
imbalance. So
the market trade up here. You watch me
get stopped out on that run in here and
then it breaks lower and finally gets
into the volume imbalance. You can find
that little snippet, the little vignette
of the trade on my X account on what
used to be called Twitter. It's sped up.
This is a small little piece of it, but
you actually see me not get my objective
and I end up getting stopped out. I
trail a stop loss. But you know in all
this price action here I thought that we
had enough to protect the short but it
came back up snagged and then went down
and got it here and rallies up
sensitivity here on that same level
there. So once it dropped down the
volume and balance on the daily chart
here
there's
going to do the second stage of delivery
of of FOMC. And I'll show you in a
second what that means. But here's 230.
Usually there's a another wave of price
action that begins at 230 and whatever
the high or the low is, usually it'll
run for it. But it first dropped down
sticking true to form and the things I
talked about last night. It went down to
a se severe deep deep discount into that
volume imbalance and then rallied all
the way back up. straight shot. No
pullbacks.
High high relative equal comes back
down.
Lower quadrant
that's here of this fair value gap.
And you're going to want to watch this
video a few times and also look at the
charts in your own platform and compare
and contrast and you'll see what it's
doing here. But if you don't have your
your journal with multiple time frames
like this at minimum, you know what the
daily charts doing and your trading time
frame, you're not going to see what it
is that you're trying to learn.
You're you're obscuring your ability to
follow along with price action. But it
then rallies up
consequent encouragement
upper quadrant and then sends it through
first percent gap and the relative equal
highs here. So that initial intraday
daily high here earlier in the day they
take that out and then we start to
consolidate in between the quadrant
levels and first present the fair value
gap.
This is the first stage delivery where
it sells off at 2 p.m. beginning of FOMC
and then during the conference portion
and pal tends to be a little bit like
me. He likes to talk more than most
people want to listen to. So it kind of
like delays it a little bit. And then
here we have it there and then all the
way back up there picking out the buy
side. And then the consolidation then
basically is untradeable.
And this is the second stage here from
the low up to the buy side running the
high of the day.
But look at this run here. That right
there. You wouldn't expect something
like that had you not listened to the
lecture I gave you last night.
And for all you FX4ex freaks out there,
this is the daily on dollar index. And
dollar admittedly has been basically
trash. Okay, it's unfortunate. You know,
it's it's waiting for its digital
version to be forced upon us. So, um,
what I've done here is I've watched the
low get taken out there and then we're
retracing back up into this
sell side of balance by side efficiency
volume of balance
and to that candlesticks
body. There's a small little separation
between here too. So, that's what I'm
showing here. and the market trades
right back up to consequent
encouragement of that inefficiency.
Until we get above this and we ignore
the lower half of it and start building
PD arrays that are bullish,
I'm bearish on dollar until we do this
very thing here where we we use this as
constructive discount arrays and then
building new bullish
discount arrays that and shows price
respecting it and going higher and
starts tearing into these highs without
rejection. I'm staying bearish on
dollar. It can stay in a consolidation
still like it's been for months, but I'm
not bullish on dollar. Let's just say it
that way. But they took us all the way
down like this severely at 2:00 and then
basically nothing that was worthwhile
taking a trade on. I mean, I don't trade
the dollar index. It's used as a
barometer. It helps me determine the
opposite direction for euro and and
cable and any other dollar pair cross.
And here's a euro and you go out to a
weekly chart. And I I want to say I
talked about these levels here when I
was talking about euro, but I can't
remember admittedly if I was talking to
my private students or if it was
something I said in a video or something
I'd done on X. But I know I talked about
these two relative equal highs here and
I I simply just don't remember where I
set it. So, um I'm I just wanted to put
that out there, but it doesn't matter.
This is where it went to. It reached up
into that level there at 1.19087.
That's this level here. And it was
basically a really, really tight
consolidation and straight shot right at
2:00. They rammed it up there first
stage and then rejection after taking
the relative equal highs here on the
weekly chart dropped it out fell out and
then this little area right here is the
only thing that I would have considered
tradable on euro
and all that would have been was using
the fair value gap here just to take out
that low. As soon as it would have went
below that low I would have been out. I
would not have been holding on to it
lower and that's the only thing I would
have done with the Euro dollar. Now this
is a fiveminute chart. So you know you
got to take that for what it's worth.
Admittedly you know Euro and and fiber
or I'm sorry Euro and fiber are the same
uh thing. I'm thinking cable. I haven't
talked about forex in a while. Little
rusty. um GBPUSD or cable and fiber
which is EuroUSD. Uh those two
currencies have been a little a little
sloppy. I mean if you're in a really
really smaller time frames less than one
minute I mean there yeah there's scalps
there you can take but it's just been
really
not very favorable
which is why I haven't talked much about
it but I will ring in Euro dollar. We'll
talk about cable and maybe um other
crosses, maybe some exotics, you like
the beast or something like that. Euro
yen. I don't like the yen crosses, but I
know a lot of you guys are interested in
looking at and having my opinion about
them. So, I'll share it when it's
pertinent. But for right now, uh that's
going to do it for tonight.
Thank you for your continued interest. I
hope you found this insightful tonight.
And until I talk to you next time, I
wish you good luck and good trading.