Hello folks, how are you? I hope you're
doing well. So, tonight obviously is
September 16th, 2025
and some of you
got a little upset with me, didn't you?
Last night was a lesson on patience.
Now, I've done it in the past, but I
promise I won't pull any shenanigans
past that. But I wanted to show you how
in this industry it's very important
that you try to refrain from building a
lot of anticipation expectation of doing
something right away. And by priming you
about a specific time, a very specific
date in advance, it got you excited much
like when you learn something new from
me. Tonight we'll go over some things
and I don't want you to run right out
there tomorrow and try to apply all this
and try to risk real money. That's the
the last thing I want you to do. What I
want you to do is build a library of
information.
Now I'm going to be making available all
the lecture notes each time I do it and
it'll be shared in the telegram channel
and you can find the link in the last
page of the the presentation tonight.
It'll be in the lecture notes. Also, the
hyperlink, you can go to my YouTube
channel. Click on the description of my
YouTube channel and scrub down to where
it gives you the link to Twitter and my
personal website. And at the bottom,
you'll see the official Telegram channel
link. Okay? There's a lot of fakes out
there pretending to be me right now and
doing a lot of scams, offering fake
investment
opportunities and crypto this and crypto
that and or automated trading. I don't
do any of those things, okay? Uh I'm not
trying to hawk or sell anything to you
in the Telegram channel and I'm never
going to DM you in Telegram. If you DM
me, I'm going to ignore you. Okay? So,
tonight I'm going to be talking about
the principle of trading all-time market
highs.
Now, admittedly, this is something that
I had uh struggled with when I was a
younger trader uh because I wanted to
pick the tops.
I figured the richest people in the
world traded like that. So, I was trying
to find that elusive recipe, if you
will, and it doesn't exist. Okay? I can
promise you that there is no one out
there that's going to be able to tell
you when a when a bull market is
complete, especially when it's trading
at all-time highs. It's a guess, okay?
And if there was a science to that, um,
I probably would be the person to know
how to do it, but I don't believe it's
possible. Okay? And the reason why is uh
you don't know how far they're going to
go with it. And they keep pressing the
boundaries of discovery on what the
extreme can be. Each day it'll make a
new higher high. And the worst thing I
had to discover was I missed a lot of
really good buying opportunities in the
past. So learning this skill set tonight
isn't going to be a oneandone. You learn
everything by watching this video. But
I'm going to give you a lot of
principles that
at least helped me and helped a lot of
my students over the decades of me
teaching. So, let's get on with it.
All right. Trading all-time highs in any
market. Now, I have that slightly
different in in the wording because I
want you to understand that while I'm
talking about this tonight over a NASDAQ
chart, I know some of you that are all
Forex only and you're already thinking,
I'm never going to talk about Forex. I
am going to talk about Forex. Everything
I'm talking about tonight is applicable
to Forex and futures and any other
market. Okay? So
when we get into the analysis, which
won't start until 2 weeks from now.
Okay? So I told you there'd be 10
fundamental and foundational studies and
lectures. So there'll be one this
Saturday. There won't be any on Saturday
and Sunday normally. So this week, just
because I gave you a little teaser last
night and just to see who would complain
so I could block them on my social media
accounts. I don't want to see
complainers. The idea is that we're
going to teach the principles that I
want to cover. They're topical studies.
Okay? So, I'm not teaching a model. I've
already taught enough models. I'm
teaching topical studies that will help
enhance the likelihood that you'll find
success with what I already taught.
Okay? So, it's not that I'm trying to
reinvent the wheel or give you something
new and shiny. I'm trying to build and
beef up your present understanding.
Okay? So that's really primarily what
we're doing over the next couple months
until we get into the second week of
November and then I'll go on to my
traditional holiday break. All right. So
trading all-time highs in any market.
When a market is trading at all-time
highs, it is more likely that it will
continue to post higher all-time highs.
Key reference points in algorithmic
price delivery.
Look for price to trade under down close
candles. closing prices. These are
rejection blocks and they tend to
promote new runs higher in price.
If possible, look for all buy side and
balance sellside in efficiency fair
value gaps to offer redelivery prior to
new legs higher in price.
Grade all premium candle wicks and
anticipate the gradient levels to offer
discount sensitivity in price.
Look through upclose candles and refer
to the premium candle wicks. They need
not be isolated. And I'll cover what
that means in a few moments.
Look for price to trade under up close
candles closing prices. Near all-time
highs, markets tend to overshoot
previous close redely in the form of
bear traps.
Immediate rebalance is typically very
strong and is likely to offer discount
sensitivity.
Avoid
predicting the reversal high. In other
words, simply stay bullish until the
market proves to you that it's
completely and utterly broke down and
reversed. Now, that might sound scary.
What happens if I get into a trade,
Michael, and I'm long and the market
completely collapses and hurts me and I
lose money? That's part of this. You
can't go through this industry and have
a career where you never have anything
bad happen to you. That's unfortunate
because
everyone comes into this industry like I
did too and we think that we're going to
be the exception. We're not going to
find that very painful outcome. And if
you're going to be trading markets that
are trading at all-time highs, you
either let the market go without you and
trade something else or you submit to
the idea that you want to keep taking
buy signals
and let money management and good trade
management do its job. If you're not
overleveraging, if you're not over
well overtrading,
pushing the boundaries of what you're
really capable of weathering as a trader
in terms of a loss, as long as you're
not doing that, it won't take you out of
the game. If you're fearful that it's
going to take you out of the game on any
one particular trade or one market
condition setup, then you're probably
over overleveraging and you're doing too
much where the outcome of one single
transaction will completely undermine
you. And no trader should ever have
their leverage or gearing on their
trades that high.
All right, so we're going to take a look
at the chart here on the lefth hand
side. And this is a daily chart. So
we're not going to look at anything
below a daily chart. So everything here
is germanine to bias. It's germanine to
narrative. How that's going to blend
together and incorporate the idea and
the aspects of all-time highs. Now this
high here
is the all-time high prior to the run
higher that we've seen trading up to
24,43
and a half.
So we're going to be looking at the
central tenants I've covered here on the
right in a list throughout the price
action shown on the daily chart. So
first we see that there is a sellside
liquidity pool raid here. So that run
rate right below that low it's taken the
sellside liquidity here and then now
it's going to start to gravitate back to
this high here. Now before it gets there
we have this short-term high. So, this
is going to be the highest probability
high it's going to trade to, but keeping
with the rules, when we're trading near
all-time highs, it's likely to continue
to make higher highs, higher all-time
highs. So, we would anticipate this high
being taken out should it trade to it.
But working from this low here, we'll
start annotating everything. So, we have
an up close candle here. the closing
price of that candle.
Notice the next candle we open and we
trade down below it. So trading below
that previous day's close, if there was
a
opening range gap, for instance,
many times when we're trading at
all-time highs or near all-time highs,
trading right back to the previous day's
close, it can overshoot it. And the
reason why it does that is because
there's a lot of people in this industry
that understands the gap that forms from
the previous day's close and where we
open at 9:30 in the morning or whatever
the uh the market opening price would
be. That gap in efficiency gaps tend to
rebalance trade back to them offer both
buy side and sell side delivery in that
gap and then price goes in the direction
of the gap. But when we're trading near
all-time highs, it tends to create these
little bear traps where it doesn't just
simply go back to the previous day's
close, it goes beyond that and trades
lower. What do you think the mindset is
of the traders that sees that? They're
going to think, "Wow, it's gone beyond
just simply going back and closing any
opening range gap. It's broke down and
traded below the opening range gap and
went lower." So, they're going to think
what? The market's going to keep going
lower. and they're going to think that
the market is now topped. And that's
what the market makers tend to do in
this general market condition. These are
just very generic principles that I live
by as a trader. And if you incorporate
them, you you're not going to be
completely exempt from having anything
bad happen to you. It doesn't mean
you're not going to have losing trades
or do it wrong. It just means that at
least you won't be guessing like
everyone else does because most every
other individual out there, they're all
going to try to pick the top. They're
all expecting a crash. They're all
trying to get the next big, you know,
slide in price lower. And what I'm going
to do is press on you to to think about
how they're going to just keep taking it
higher.
So, this is what I mean by overshooting
below the previous day's close right
here. Next day we open and we trade down
below that close. And traders that are
looking for a collapse in price, they
may even look at this as relative equal
lows that the market may want to trade
down there and take that out. Try to
avoid that. Okay. And the next example
here is immediate rebalance. This market
creates a a nice big up close candle. We
open here. We trade back down to the
previous day's close. So what are they
going to do? They're going to overshoot
that. and it does it trades all the way
back down to the day before this up
close candle to offer an immediate
rebalance.
So, two principles there are happening.
We're opening trading back to the
previous stage close, but not just
closing that gap and then going higher.
It's closing that gap and going all the
way back over top and redelivery back to
this candle's high. That's immediate
rebalance. When that happens, generally,
you're going to see a very, very strong
reaction. And there's going to be a lot
of discount sensitivity, meaning that
the market's going to treat that as a
very strong discount PD array, and the
market's going to immediately launch
higher from there. And you can see that
actually happens here. And then the next
day, we open below the previous day's
close, which is another tenant where we
open, we trade down below the previous
day's close. That's a rejection block.
That closing price here on a down close
candle and it's going to be rejected as
you can see here. Comes right back up.
But notice it doesn't take out that that
candle's high. The next day we open, we
got a small little gap there. So what's
going to happen? It's going to it's
going to probe. Okay? It's going to go
below just
closing that gap is what everybody's
expecting, but it's going to go below
that previous day's close and entice
traders to do what? Be short.
So we have that rejection block discount
sensitivity on this candle
and now we have this premium candle wick
and we're grading that. So we have the
lower quadrant consequent encroachment
upper quadrant and we don't need the
high and the low annotated. We're going
to look at the chart to see what that
is. But not notice the sensitivity here
at the 75 quadrant. we open, reach the
previous day's close. So, everyone that
wants to see just simply the gap closure
and then continue higher, they're
getting toasted here. Trades down to
that lower quadrant, overshoots it a
little bit and then sends it higher,
taking out the previous two days high.
Then the next day,
we have a higher open. We trade down to
the previous day's close. Again, that
gap is a trap to set for bears. it drops
lower down to the 50% level of that
premium candle wick. Again, we cut
through these candles, all these premium
candle wicks, keep them annotated
because the market's going to go back
into those levels again. When it
overshoots the previous day's closing
price, it's going to trap traders simply
looking for the gap closure and then
buying. It's it's going to go lower. It
does this a lot. And I'm not expecting
you to just simply use this because it
looks like I'm cherry-picking. go back
over old market data. Look at stocks.
Stocks are really good with this. So, if
you're a trader that wants to trade um
you know,
MISC stocks or NASDAQ stocks, uh this is
a principle that repeats a lot with them
as well. The the gaps tend to be a
little bit larger there, too. So, it
gives you a lot of volatility if you're
if you're trying to day trade those um
assets. I don't like the day trade
stocks, but I just toss it out there for
no extra charge. But we see the premium
candle wick gradient discount
sensitivity here on this candle. We
open. We have a volume imbalance.
We trade down to this premium candle
wick and it's halfway point is the
consequent encroachment. And notice how
it trades right down to that. So, not
only do we open here, we go back to the
previous day's closing price. Most
traders that are watching this on a day
trading basis, they're going to see that
and think, "Okay, well, it's gap
closure. Now, it's going to rally
because it's bullish." And the market
just goes even lower. But goes right
back to where I teach you to watch these
premium candle wicks. The consequent
encroachment hits it there beautifully
and then trades higher. And the next day
we open, come back to the previous day's
close, overshoot it again to the
downside, suckering in people thinking
it's it's created a top. It has to have
created a top and they get short and
then market runs right over top of them
again,
reaching the all-time high as we
indicated a little bit ago.
So I want you to think about how using
these principles, these very
generic ideas that it's not complicated.
They keep repeating and it keeps you on
the on your toes about anticipating some
measure of manipulation. So, this is
what generally the retail traders get
caught up in because they're chasing
price, anticipating, hoping, and and
praying basically that the market's
going to break down and collapse. But
all the market does is go back to these
previous PDA rays algorithmically and
then delivers and spools higher. And
it's very frustrating if you don't know
these things. Maybe you've been hurt.
Maybe you've been trying to capture the
the high in this market or another
market. And you can go back and look at
your trades and you can pretty much see
that what you failed on is what I'm
showing how you can avoid doing that in
the future. And I'm not saying you're
not going to take losing trades. I'm
saying that at least you're going to
know now how the market's algorithm
reprices back into these very specific
PDAs when they're trading at all-time
highs or near all-time highs. Until the
market completely collapses and shows
you it's reversed,
don't look for shorts. It's better for
you to anticipate it like this because
you'll get the lines portion of the
move. You'll be on side. You'll be
within the narrative. You'll be with the
bias correctly. Higher time frame order
flow is on your in your favor. And
you'll be able to weather the daily
range eb and flow up and down and get
the lion's portion of the move.
Hope you found this insightful. Thank
you for your continued interest. Until
next time, I wish you good luck and good
trading.