folks. All right. So, we are here on
Tuesday, September 30th, 2025.
This is going to be a review on the
forex market. Starting with the usual
suspects,
dollar index, euro dollar, and pound
dollar.
Short on time today, so I'm going to go
through this a little bit quicker than I
normally do. And unfortunately the
annotations had to suffer as a result
because I have something I have to take
care of with my wife. So everything's
fine but just you know how it is. The
boss says we have to do this. So that
means I have to do this. All right. So
dollar index we have daily chart on the
left hand side and we have this close
I'm sorry this open on this down close
candle. Uh that's a bullish order block.
Uh that blue line right there. Okay,
that is the September 22nd, 2025 daily
open and it's this candlestick's opening
price. Okay, so the dollar index traded
lower into this old buy side of balance
sell sign deficiency that's shaded in
blue
and hit that old order block level
there. So right in here
as it hits that there's most likely
going to be some sensitivity off of
that. So we'd have to then resume
probably up into the the high
of the old positive balance cell
deficiency and also it's a it's the
first return inside that so that's
usually pretty uh pretty significant and
it's also on a daily chart so we can get
a little bit of a pop there intraday
sending euro and cable lower but by the
time I get the video up it's probably
either didn't happen because today's
been weird
or it happened and you're just going to
be like, well, you know, it's hindsight.
And that's that's fine. It doesn't
change the fact that it's advantageous
for you to see it. Repetitious viewing
over my shoulder. It helps you learn
this.
All right. So, here at midnight, uh, we
have a fair value gap here that
initially acts as a breakaway gap. Then
we have continuation lower fairway gap
there. Ignore
the wicks. Okay,
down
CBI trades up into that as well. Breaks
lower into
this low. We rally away from that. Come
all the way back up to
encroachment
of this daily premium wick.
Then fair value gap and guess what it
goes goes into a inversion fair value
gap there. This low does not take out
that low. We come all the way back up to
the inversion fair value gap. Small
little errant wick there. That's normal.
It's permissible. Notice the bodies are
staying inside the inversion fair value
gap. Okay. Notice it's not classic
support and resistance of this old high.
The bodies are being held inside of my
PDA. This up close candle casted
forward.
And you'll see that acts as an inversion
for big gap. That's why we're not
supplying and demand folks. had a guy
leave a comment saying, "Well, I thought
order blocks were basically supply and
demand zones." Uh, you thought wrong
because you're hearing people on the
internet that don't know what they're
talking about talk about things they
don't know talk about. So, it's just
that simple. Then it drops down, takes
out the relative equal lows here and
into that September 22nd daily open
on that candlestick right there. So
it'll be interesting to see what we do
on the Asia and London session tonight
on dollar and euro dollar and pound
dollar. So it has the stage to do
something if if the dollar wants to, you
know, resume or consolidate inside this
old wick.
Before I get in to your dollar next, I
had a a guy post in the comments on my
YouTube channel that you don't see, but
I see them. Okay? So, um, just to prove
that I I do read them, um, the question
is this, you know, what's what's causing
the dollar index to be kind of like,
well, unruly.
Well, I mean, if you look at what's
going on around the world, there's a lot
of things that are wartime saber
rattling. You know, we're potentially
going to do something to remove Maduro
and Venezuela.
and you we're beating our chest saying
that we're ready and willing to do a war
with Iran and Russia. I mean, listen,
you we're pretty formidable as a country
and our military is pretty pretty
strong, but
when things are starting to be spread
out so thin and nobody really wants to
join the military anymore, and I'm
telling you, my kids ain't joining. They
can knock on the door, but they ain't
here. So, I don't know what to tell you.
They're not fighting rich people's wars
so they can get rich. Okay, that's
that's what this boils down to. And the
dollar index is kind of displaying that
un
uncertainty that uh I don't want to say
the word nervousness, but it's it's
being conveyed in the price action that
it doesn't look good on the horizon. And
it doesn't mean it's going to go up,
doesn't mean it's going to go down. It
just means that it's just sitting there
in a range. But gold is going straight
up, which is basically the same thing as
dollar going lower. It should be
dropping, but it's not. It's being held
there. So, it's an artificial kind of
consolidation. It's being held
manipulation basically is the easiest
way of saying it. And because usually
the dollar index and gold are kind of
inverted. one goes one direction, the
other goes the other. And we've had a
nice extrapolation to the upside on
gold, but we have not seen that
participation continue in the dollar
index. So that's what's causing the
problems for your currency pairs. So
don't take up your frustration with me.
I'm not doing it to it, okay? I can
promise you that. But let's continue and
go to Euro Dollar quick. All right. So
here's Euro daily chart over here. old
inefficiency casting that forward and we
have this daily candlestick discount
wick is being graded here. Okay. So see
that 7 I'm sorry yeah 75 uh level the
quadrant lower quadrant at 1.17596.
That's this level up here. Okay. So we
hit it once here in London. We dropped
all the way down. Trade into a bullish
fe got first running it up in there. Hit
the low of that inefficiency over here.
Sold off. Hit the order block or fair
value gap rather up again.
Subsequent encroachment of the premium
wick hits. It trades lower. consolidates
in the initial bullish fair value gap
but now becomes an inversion fair gap
that I did not change the color because
I want you to see this on your own
chart. It breaks lower down into the
inefficiency here, goes below it, comes
right back in, treats it as an inversion
fair value gap, trades down into an old
bullish fair value gap, now becomes an
inversion fair value gap
right here. This one, the downside of
it,
trades higher and then starts recumulate
at that old order block. So, it's a
bullish reclaimed fair gap. Same thing
here, back up into
the low of this discount wick, which is
1.17503.
That's this level here. Comes all the
way back down to the bullish fair gap.
So, it's a reclaimed bullish fair gap
once more. Rallies, consolidates inside
the old fair gap. So, it's a reclaimed
bullish fair value gap once more. Then
they send it once more higher and
relative equal highs here. But trading
into that lower quadrant of that
discount wick there.
British pound just a mess. Just an utter
mess. And we're stuck in between two
wicks. Okay. So we have an old wick.
You'll look at the older if you have it
on your chart you've been watching. You
know what these levels are anchored to
and this one up here. So we've basically
been trapped between that and the only
thing that was noteworthy is the
inversion pair value up here after
taking sell side relative equal lows
relative equal highs. So that that
liquidity was taken first came up left
these buy stops there. You see that dove
one more time lower. So that means this
right here is absolutely going to be a
murder a PD ray. So it's cast it
forward. It's inverse of your value gap
and hits it once more and then comes
right back up into the upper quadrant of
this one right here at 1.34621
and that's there and just an utter mess.
Okay, just complete and utter mess. And
if you traded pound dollar, you probably
got yourself beat up today.
All right, here is the forex
transitioning to futures. So, we're
focusing on index futures now and our
usual suspect is Christmas or December
mini NASDAQ futures contract.
All right, left-hand side daily chart.
Okay, and you can see we're part of a a
longer uptrend. That's why I left it
like this. I didn't want to zoom in too
much. I I want to remind you that we're
part of a a primary bullish market. So,
don't think top. Okay. So we have a
discount array in here in form of this
wick and this consequent encouragement
of this premium wick right there and we
have the lower quadrant of this premium
wick. So that's where your your levels
are going to come from. It's shown over
here horizontal line. This line here is
this consequent encroment of that
premium wick. All right. So we have fair
value gap. It dropped lower. Went into
that old
encroachment of that premium wick on
this daily candle. Traded through it,
accumulated around it. Polish fair value
gap here. Rallies. And then we have the
first introduction to my first mention
of it in public. I've never taught it
before. I've never given it to anybody.
This is my ICT suspension block. Okay.
And you'll see it with this wick laying
over top of it. So you would never look
at that as a fair value gap. Not by the
definitions of it initially given. This
is a bullish fair value gap. But this is
not a bullish fair value gap in its
classic sense. And if you look real
close, there is a volume of bounce at
the top and a volume of bounce at the
bottom. Even though this wick goes
higher, whenever you have one single
candle that has a volume of balance to
the low and a volume of balance to the
high, that is going to act just like a
fair value gap. And it does not matter
if there's wicks that had already
crossed over that to the left of it.
Simply don't even worry about it. It's
being suspended between two volume
imbalances. That's why I named it
suspension block. This is extremely
strong. It's one of the most powerful
and there's more that I'm not going to
share, okay? But just know that this is
what I'm talking about. I have more
stuff. I got more stuff. All these guys
here copy and rebranding my stuff.
You're never going to see this stuff in
anybody else's work prior to me. But
it'll be interesting to hear what they
call it. But the suspension block is
extremely bullish or bearish if it's
reversed and it's a down close candle
and you have narrative and orderflow
moving is lower reaching for liquidity.
Here we can see that it's going to be
reaching up into 24819 and a quarter.
Now you can look at that on the one
minute chart. Scrub to the left. You'll
see it's part of a volume imbalance.
It's just the higher level of it. That's
what's that the whole point was that
level to me was a a volume imbalance.
And because of sake of time and brevity,
I didn't include it here. But you can go
back and just scrub to the left on your
one minute chart and you'll see that
keep going back. You'll find that
there's a a 24,819.25
volume and bounce. And the the lower
level is just below by not by much. It's
very small.
But uh we trade down into this I'm
sorry, trade up into this suspension
block, too. Now, I only change the
colors here just to show that they're
both suspension blocks, but this one's
the larger one. And we're going to push
this one forward in time. So, the the
creation of this is again a volume of
bounce at the top, a volume of bounce at
the bottom. And it does not matter if
there's a wick to the left. So if it
looks like it's been redelivered or it's
back and forth in the same area, it's
still inefficient and it's being
highlighted algorithmically because
there's a volume of bounce to the lower
and the higher end of it. Okay? It's
very very easy to spot. If you start
scouring through your charts, you're
going to see these things and they they
never have been noticed by you before.
And I promise you there has never been
anybody else that's they're all going to
pretend. You're going to see these
20-year-olds are going to come out.
Yeah, bro. I was doing this. I just
never want to teach it in my Discord. I
never wanted to teach it in my Telegram
channel. You know, I was doing all my
students been seeing me do it. I've been
calling I've been calling signals and
shots with this man for this ask for
broker statements proving they did the
executions because I can
I can do that. They are not going to be
able to do that. Okay. So, the bottom
line is here we go. We have the bullish
suspension block and it trades down to
it here and then consequent encroachment
over here and then one more time it
dives down into it here. Consequent
encroachment upper quadrant of it just
almost to consequent encroachment but
notice the body respecting it here. It
trades to the 24,819 and a quarter. This
is the run you watch me do. Um the trade
was recorded and I shared it on X. Uh
I'm not going to put it on YouTube
because the full presentation at regular
speed was promoted on my uh Twitter or X
account. So you can see all that there
and where I place the stop and how I
manage the trade and whatnot. So the
market breaks down, comes back up one
more time into another suspension block.
See this lower volume of balance, upper
volume of balance, but because we had a
reversal when we come back down in it's
going to act as what? Just like an
inversion fair value gap, it changes its
characteristic. So it trades up into
consequent encroachment,
breaks lower fair value gap, digs past
the first suspension block, then down
into the second one. See that? Then
rallies up, supports at the low of this
suspension block there. So there's
discount sensitivity rallies up discount
sensitivity at the high of it rallies
volume and balance trades one more time
up into the suspension block here. And
because it's changed its character to
that of being a premium array the body's
respecting it here. Look at the bodies.
I mean look at that. That's that's
technical science. And rise up. Look at
the body stopping right there. That's
technical science. There's no algorithm.
It's buying and selling pressure.
I mean I wish I had more time. I have so
much fun with this. But it breaks lower,
comes back up, consequent encroachment,
trades down to the volume of balance and
then sends it higher back. Uh these are
just the upper and lower quadrants
respectively into this suspension block.
All right. So moving forward, that's
suspension block and the lower green
one. I have that here so you can see it
in reference.
Price rallies away from that inversion
pair bay gap was a cibby. Now it's a
bullish inversion fair gap. Consequent
encouragement sends it higher. finds
support at the upper quadrant of the
suspension block over here. Completely
random. Rallies up, consolidates around
the volume of bounce that I told you to
look for in the one minute chart to the
left. Rallies up, peters out, comes
down, and then fizzles out, and it
creates the relative equal highs I
mentioned at the opening. Um,
that was the level I was looking for.
That was the first level I talked about.
So, whenever I talk about a level, the
first mention of it, that's what I'm
looking for. So if price is below that,
so you know what I'm looking for. I'm
looking for something that's bullish.
So the market breaks down and then we go
into this really ugly back and forth
over top the first percent of fair,
which I'll annotate in a minute, but
just really back and forth. Had no
support or affinity for the first
percent back up. It just kept sweeping
back and forth and that's manipulation.
They're watching us. Okay, that's what
it is. They're just absolutely watching.
They're waiting for me to say something
very, very one-sided so that way you all
suffer for it.
So they go up into the upper quadrant
here of the suspension block dive down
into the bullish
bag gap in here and we're using the
lower volume imbalance and the
candlesticks low here hits it
beautifully with the bodies and then
shows the rally away from that and then
we're going to move forward in time
again. Here's first percent value gap.
You can see all the movement back and
forth, back and forth, back and forth,
back and forth. And it wasn't until we
got around in here where price left the
lower half here. We done a lot of uh
damage down here on on the downside and
aiming for this area here. We finally
ripped for it. Breakaway gap trades
through it here. And then I mentioned
the 24 857 buy side remained. So they
came up and hit that Audi stopped right
there beautifully and sells off once
more back into first percent value gap.
Just again no real respect of it at all.
Just complete manipulation when when the
first percent value gap does not have
any kind of sway over the marketplace
and you don't see it being respected at
all. No no support, no resistance to it,
no consolidations inside of it with just
the bodies. It's indicating that we're
in we're in trouble waters. So you have
to just be careful. And I mentioned
because the dollar index, gold, and
NASDAQ all fell overnight. That's not
usually what you see. So it's a
decoupling in the marketplace. So it
makes it more likely that we're going to
have high resistance liquidity run
conditions, which is exactly what we had
here today. Smart guy in the comment
section on X. You learned today, didn't
you? So the rally off of the consequent
corion over here hit that and then we
start to have a little bit of respect
over here. Rallies back up goes into a
fair value. Got this bearish here and
then sells off.
Trades back down towards the halfway
point of that level there.
We dip down to
24,722 and something. I can't remember
what the price was. Uh 22 and a quarter.
And we have eight.
This this should have been uh shaded in
orange. That's an inversion fair value
gap. That's what I get for rushing.
Okay. Hits it here. Fair Bay gap there
as well. rallies a little fair value got
at the consequent encouragement of the
old premium wick right there. See that?
And then it rallies up again. No coming
back down in and touching the first I
got. It's just rallying and then we had
uh the old volume of balance 24819.25
25 level, come in again once more and
then rise back up and we'll see if it
takes out uh the 24,863
level and make a higher high on the day.
But all in all, it was very very
manipulated today and I gave you the
commentary before the market open that
it would be like this today. It would be
problematic. I gave two liquidity pools.
I said look for things that are smooth
and obviously the buy side liquidity was
mentioned at the 913 and 9:30 one minute
highs as I mentioned just a moment ago
and that's right here
and then I gave the 24,701
I think it was a and25
um th those lows down I liked and if the
news at 10:00 would have sent us lower
because we were not seeing a whole lot
of uh rhyme or reason in what was going
on here 10 o'clock news, you want to sit
and wait. And it just wasn't giving up
anything that was useful. So you there
it is. But the first mentioned of any
liquidity was this one here I gave you
today. And then as it hit it, I said we
would go to 24857. Hit that and then
gave up the ghost rather aggressively.
But just all in all, this if you if you
got hurt today, if you had difficulty,
um just it's not something it's not a
knock against you because this was a
very hard read. It was a very difficult
read. Not impossible to trade obviously,
but very very difficult to read and not
not high probability, not clean price
action, not obvious PDAs and obvious
draw and liquidity and straight runs.
This is high resistance liquidity run
conditions where it just it's going to
frustrate you. It's going to frustrate
you. So,
one of the advantages of learning on me
is identifying the characteristics that
lead up to these events because the best
skill set you can have as a trader is
knowing when not to risk money.
All right, I think that's going to be
it, folks. I appreciate you guys hanging
out. Uh, I tried to get through this as
fast. There's a whole lot more I could
have said and I guess we'll have to, you
know, revisit that over the course of
this week. Till talk to you tomorrow,
Lord willing. Good luck and good
trading.