Hello folks. How are you? Hope you're
doing well. Welcome back. This is
October 11th, 2025
and we're going to be focusing on Forex
here for a moment with the usual
suspects, dollar index, Euro dollar and
pound dollar.
All righty. On the left hand side, per
usual, the daily chart, and on the right
hand side, the five-minute chart. So,
you can see the dollar index. Um, last
time we talked, we were down in here,
and I said I wanted to see it, you know,
kind of give me a little bit more
inspiration behind it. I told you I was
expecting dollar index to go higher. I
was bullish on dollar. You can check
that, go back and look at the
recordings. It's not ambiguous. It's
rather one-sided.
uh framed off of this inversion fair
value gap. Then the bullish fair value
gap in here and then using the
consequent encouragement and quadrants
of the wick in here. And then we have
this inversion fair value gap with the
volume imbalance
the market started to rally up. Took out
the buy side in here and worked inside
of this sell side of balance buy side
efficiency which is graded. You can see
that the upper quadrant was pierced by
the bodies and then on Friday we had a
little bit of retracement back down into
a volume imbalance. Here we have a
suspension block which is a candlestick
that has a volume imbalance to the high
end of it and a volume imbalance to the
low end of it. It need not okay for the
guys out there trying to teach.
You don't even know what you're doing
yet. But I understand you got to get
your ad revenue and sell your courses.
But the uh the candlestick need not be a
inefficiency.
In other words, it need not have any one
single pass with the candlestick.
So it could have a candlestick to the
left of it that was a fullbodied candle
or a wick that completely overlaps the
entire range between the upper and lower
volume of balance. Okay? So that that's
the distinguishing characteristic. This
is why this PDA is a little bit
different than you probably thought it
was the first time I mentioned it. But
anyway, we have a suspension block here.
Uh the market trades from this open here
down into
midpoint of this range that's shaded in
blue. And we trade right back down into
that on Friday.
Having all this information in this
vicinity on the daily chart transposed
over to the 5-minute chart. You can see
they're on the New York open kill zone,
which is 7:00 a.m. 10:00 a.m. Eastern
time, always New York local time. Uh the
market trades above the upper quadrant.
That's this 99.368
level. You can check that there. We
pierce it. We break lower and shift in
market structure there and a retracement
up. So you can see the 79% 62%
retracement respectively. That's optimal
trade entry. Uh very minimum it's got to
go above
the low to high.
It's got to go to 50% or higher for it
to be in a premium market. And that's
the ICT model 2022. Okay. So, for the
folks who say it doesn't work anymore,
it's there every day. So, the market
trades up into optimal trading trade.
So, if you was just a standard flagship
pattern trader that my channel was
really based on in the beginning back in
2012,
uh that uh that pattern is here in and
of itself. We have an inversion fair
value gap which is this buy side of
balance sell efficiency. We we break
below it leave it here and then come
back in. As you see the bodies are
finding resistance.
Okay. So there's premium sensitivity
here at the consequent encroachment of
that inversion fair value gap and the
market gives up the ghost and breaks
aggressively lower trading through the
midpoint or consequent encroachment of
this inefficiency
here. And it's this range from the low
of this closing candle price volume
bounce included up to this candlesticks
low. Now I have it shaded in pink
because it acts as a premium array to
draw up into. Okay. So I'm not I'm not
classifying it technically as an
inversion fair value gap. That's why
it's not orange like this here. Okay.
Okay, so don't be confused by that. The
orientation is when price was down here,
I was expecting price to drop into it.
And if you watch the older recordings,
you'll see I mentioned over here and
above all these buy side eventually once
we get higher that it would consider
that area and it it did. So it's not
just hindsight, but we use that area up
here as a premium rate to retrace back
down into a discount array, which is
this suspension block. Okay. So, you can
see that that volume of bounce right
here, these two black line segments,
that's these two segments right here.
And then the market falls out of bed, we
have a breakaway gap. Uh here is for
your notes. Okay? And I'll talk more
about this in the books. Uh the
breakaway gaps when you classify a
breakaway gap, this is what your
textbooks do not teach you. every
classic archaic view of retail logic and
trading technical analysis which is
flawed by all measure. Uh the
inefficiency that shows up on your chart
that does not get filled back in.
If it's between a quadrant level like
this and another quadrant, expect that
when we are, you looking for lower
prices, when it breaks lower, if it
leaves a quadrant like that and breaks a
little bit lower, this is many time many
times going to act as a breakaway gap
because it's in no man's land between a
quadrant and another quadrant inside the
narrative and bias that the market's
moving one direction. And that's how you
see a properly classified ICT breakaway
gap.
You'll never see that illustrated or
talked about anywhere when it comes to
gaps. Okay? But that's how you classify
a breakaway gap. Okay? The same
thing can be said for measuring gaps. So
a halfway point when there's a gap that
is during a move if it's between a
quadrant of either an inefficiency,
okay, or an actual gap by a wick. Okay?
So no matter how you slice it, if you're
grading your price PDAs as I teach,
whether it be a candlestick wick or a
inefficiency in price action where it's
a body that's being measured, not the
wick, either way, if you're grading that
price level or those price levels and
you see a gap that appears between two
quadrants, then it's chances are it's
going to be a breakaway gap or a
measuring gap. Okay?
throw that in at no extra charge. You'll
see it in everybody else's courses now.
But the market breaks lower, trades down
into that
suspension block high here, which is the
high of this volume of balance.
Hits it there perfectly, rallies back
up, finds the low here of that
old inefficiency here, which is a buy
side of balance, sell sign efficiency
with the volume imbalance at the
discount level, low end of it.
So that price is at 98.898
and it hits it perfectly to the tick
there. That's probably random.
Working off of a volume of balance also
that's not noted. Rallies up this
portion of this cibby. We can grade that
because it's anchored right on top of a
lower quadrant level. Meaning the 75
level or lower quadrant at 99.054
054.
That's this level here, which is one
quarter from the low of this Pon B cell
deficiency
because the gap is laying over top of
key key point here below inside the
narrative that the market should deliver
lower and it's below this inefficiency
which we should expect that to be a
breakaway gap. When another series of
cibies form, this one we look at it as
staying open or we want to see it remain
unfilled. Can it come up and trade into
it a little bit? Sure. But we expect
some measure from its halfway point to
the high of it. That portion should
likely stay open unfilled here. The this
cibby from this candlestick's low and
this candlestick's high. That's denoted
with these red trend line segments. We
can grade that and the bodies are
stopping right at the midpoint, which is
exactly what you want to see when the
market's bearish.
It's showing you premium sensitivity.
It's not support and resistance. It's
reacting to half of this inefficiencies
range. Even though there's a little wick
there, the wick didn't even touch the
upper quadrant. The bodies are staying
at the halfway point indicating what as
I taught in mentorship. This is
heaviness algorithmically. It's
indicating tipping its hand to you the
market will want to seek a deeper
discount. What would that be? Below that
low and it trades down to the lower
quadrant. I'm sorry, lower level of this
volume imbalance
which is candlesticks close on this
right here. Okay. And we have a volume
of balance there. trades up into before
it gives up the ghost inversion fair
value gap
right here as well. Trading at its
consequent encroachment halfway point
breaks comes right back up into a volume
of balance trades lower
quadrant perfect delivery and trades
down to volume balance on the daily
chart right there. So all in all just a
really good technical uh Friday.
Moving on to Euro Dollar, uh just pretty
much the opposite. We can see their
sellside liquidity here. They tapped
into that during New York opening kill
zone 7 o'clock to 10 o'clock in the
morning Eastern time. Always New York
local time. We have the ICT model 2022
low high 62 to 79% retracement level.
You can find that on your own charts
here. But we have a inversion fair
value. This CBI changes its
characteristic when we trade above it.
We come back down in the wicks are
digging down but we don't get to the low
here. The bodies are staying close to
what consequent encouragement. It
rallies up uses as the discount
sensitivity and then rallies away. All
these wicks converging around this level
here at 1.1574.
That's this old candlesticks low which
is being graded. Okay. Why am I picking
this one? Because it's lower than this
one and it's lower than that one. So,
it's the longest lowest reaching when
price was dropping down. And below that,
we have this spots on a bounce also on
efficiency and we trade into that right
here. Okay, which is not being shown in
the chart because it's during Thursday's
trading. Friday's trading had a higher
low. That low being at the upper
quadrant of this wick. Why am I using
this wick? Because it's lower than this
wick and it's lower than that wick. and
this wick is lower than that one. So,
it's not a just ambiguous changing rule
based idea where it's just willy-nilly
cherry-picking. It's not cherry-picking.
It's very specific rules in all this
price action in here. Where's the lowest
reaching wick? This one.
It's pretty obvious, isn't it? Look at
all of them. This one here, this one's
being graded because it's lower than
this one is lower than this one. And it
dug into this inefficiency that's shaded
in blue. So if it's going to trade down
lower, we have to consider this wick
before we even consider this low being
taken out and trading to consequent
corrosion of this pos balance sell sign
efficiency. And yes, that's why this is
titled ICT advanced liquidity concepts.
It's not baby pips. It's not elementary
school. It's not classic
you nonsense
technical analysis concepts that archaic
and nobody and nobody should have any
faith in any of that stuff. Okay, this
is technical sciences. It's it's a
different degree of precision.
So Friday we can see we're using this
discount wick and the levels there you
can see them being used over here. So
the low of that wick there right on here
it launches from there trades above the
quadrant lower quadrant and then tears
off. So this portion down here
that would be what?
That would be a breakaway gap. This
would be a standard B cell deficiency or
busy. You can grade this one and you can
get down here to the lower quadrant. The
body's respecting that as well. We trade
up into the upper quadrant at 1.16220
of this discount wick. Because why am I
looking at that? Because it was a
discount array when we were trading
lower and now when we were below it,
it's going to act as what? It's going to
change its characteristic to a premium
array. So if you're going to grade it
like a gap, you have to have these
levels in mind and it trades up into
that as well. You might want to take on
your own study. I didn't do it here for
you, but you want to take this high down
to that low and duplicate that range and
project it up and you'll get pretty much
this area in here. Okay. So, I'll uh
Larry Williams target shooter ideas from
his old classic 4H 4VHs tape
futures millionaires confidential
trading course I think is what it was. I
always butcher the name of it up. It's
old age folks. But uh anyway the buy
side balance sell side efficiency here
almost complete closure we have a
inversion fair that's not noted and it's
traded down to its low here rallies up
then the consequent encroachment
accumulates once more and then starts to
send a little bit higher we have a minor
buyside liquidity there so we'll see
what we get on uh Sunday's trading so if
you can get any moving higher
right moving on to pound dollar uh we
talked about this gap here and I talked
about the quadrants on these wicks. So
you can see what happens after that.
Right down she went tearing into this
candlesticks
premium wick upper quadrant consequent
encroachment in red. So this wick is the
lower of this one inside of this portion
of price action. So this low this area
in here that's the lowest one. Lowest
reaching wick is this one here. So
you're going to grade that one and we
cut through candles because we are not
flawed logic of supply and demand. Okay?
So we're going to ignore this range here
because the algorithm is going to see
past us this and go right back to this
inefficiency. Why? Because this level of
wicking is treated like a gap and a gap
is reused even after the gap has been
filled and it would be considered filled
with this drop down. It went below that
low. But the algorithm is not going to
just toss the baby out with a bath
water. It's going to refer back to that
reference point. So, we cut through
looking through time here. And the
question is coming up a lot in my
comment section of my videos and
sometimes you may see it on the X posts
I put on.
How long do I keep PDAs graded on my
charts? Well, if you remember how I
first started teaching in 2016, the paid
mentorship portion of lectures, I taught
the IPA data ranges 20, 40, and 60. So,
you can go back as far as 60 days. And
they're just as, you know, salient 60
days ago than they are just yesterday.
And that in itself proves algorithmic
sensitivity that there is a reference to
time referring back to old very specific
levels where now contrast that with
classic support and resistance.
You don't know what high or low the
market's going to use. You don't know
that. I do. And I repeatedly show it
over and over again. And the point is,
it's something that you can learn. Don't
resist it. Don't fight against it. Just
be thankful that it's being made
available to you and you can study it
for free. And the more time you put into
studying it and documenting your
observations,
tape reading, back testing, logging old
price moves, and marking them up like
this. By repetition, you'll start seeing
these same signatures over and over and
over again. In the beginning, when I
first started creating this language, I
had to do these types of things to
create the very language that you're
learning. So,
we have a high, low, higher, high.
Everybody knows that that is my bearish
breaker. But what happens when the
market is bullish and it trades above
it? It's going to treat it as an
inversion breaker. Every PDA has an
inversion aspect. It's not inverted,
okay? It's inversion.
So we use the consequent encouragement
or mean threshold rather of that
last down candle which is the bearish
breaker. But now it's going to act as
what? A bullish PDA. So you can see the
body stopping dead on the
midpoint
mean threshold there. And then we had
the opening right at that same price. It
rallies up. The next candlestick we drop
down to it once more. See there's
discount sensitivity there. Rallies and
then the candlestick opens right at the
high of that candlesticks high and then
digs into a little bit and then rallies
aggressively creating what? A breakaway
gap
clearing this high. Now when you see
these types of things you'll see Yahoo
say, "Well, this is the fairway gap that
I'm really interested in." Let me tell
you something. If these form
after you have a a breakout of price
action during a consolidation, I never
want to see these traded back into if it
has the willingness to come back down
into that and fill that in.
That's not strength to me.
Order flow, real order flow, algorithmic
order flow is when there's an
inefficiency after discovery, which is
leaving this range here, taking this
high out. When we do this, we want to
see price keep that open. If this stays
open, as long as this remains open, we
have a bullish order flow. We do not
anticipate market coming back down and
closing and then then going higher
because if it goes down and closes that
in, I am not all that bullish. Then can
it do it? Yes, it can. But it's more
problematic if it does for continued
price action higher. You want to see the
indication that yes, there was an
explosive price action move higher. It
created an inefficiency, but the market
is so overzealous to move higher. It
need not even concern itself with coming
back down in here offering a discount to
people that would see what classic
support, resistance, break, and retest.
That's the trash perspective. That's
garbage. Okay? If you're if you're stuck
looking at the market like that, you're
going to never really understand why
these markets book higher and lower.
You're you're never going to understand
it because you're looking at convoluted
nonsense to justify an ends to a mean
that that doesn't have any connection.
There's no there's no affinity for these
things algorithmically. It's not there.
But when you start studying price in the
lens in the language I'm share sharing
with you, you'll get more clarity and
you don't have to like me. You don't
have to, you know, you don't have to
champion my name. It's not what this is
about. This is about you learning how to
do this so that way you can eat better
and take care of your family better.
Okay? I could care less if you like me.
But this is a breakaway gap because it's
taking out this high and then we are
entering discovery. That means it's
going to discover how much it can move
and still allow traders to keep buying
it. That's not buying pressure. It just
keeps offering higher, higher, higher,
higher, higher, higher, higher. It need
not be a lot of contracts or
lots in deference to the forex market of
or shares. If it's a stock, it need not
be a whole lot. It only needs one unit,
one transaction
to print that price.
And all of this price run in here is
used to then weigh on the sentiment of
market participants because at at this
point down here they may have seen this
as a bare flag got real heavy and
thinking wow it's really going to go
lower then it starts to consolidate and
then we start to move higher and they
don't know what to do with it and then
when these highs get taken out here then
all the Johnny come lately pile in
saying well we always knew it was going
to go higher and we're going to buy out
on a breakout and they're thinking, you
know, they're they're buying strength,
but they're chasing where's their stop
loss going to be in all that price run.
It's too big, too high. Okay, so the
market trades up into the
consequent encroachment level here of
this wick, discount wick at 1.33637.
And you can see that level here. And you
can do a measured move type thing here.
The same range from this high down to
that low. Duplicate that and send it up
here. And you'll pretty much get the the
bulk of where the bodies are are
converging right there.
So there's uh three model 2022
scenarios panning out. And here is the
portion where we talk about index
futures.
So for Friday's Christmas mini and QQ
futures
over here on the left hand side we have
a daily chart and the five minute chart
for at present or NQ and I'm showcasing
it in the regular trading hours time and
I'm showing October 2nd. Okay. Uh, if
you recall, I was talking about and
mentioned on X how,
if I'm not mistaken, I think it's the
October 1st live stream I did where I
basically called the low, how it was
forming, showed you the liquidity that
was available, showed you exactly when
all the sell side was absorbed, and then
the market was going to be permitted to
trade higher, and even told you it could
create all-time new all-time highs. It
did all those things. But the point is I
was teaching you to take the regular
trading hours opening range gaps and
those quadrants that form and project
them in the future. At the very minimum,
if you're a little intimidated by what I
said earlier about having my PD rays
back as far as 60 days, I know some of
you pundits out there are going to be,
you know, chomping it a bit and you're
probably already typing it out in the
comment section of this video.
And you're welcome to say anything on
your last day. I if it's silliness, I
just, you know, broom me. I don't ever
see you again. But the uh the concept
will probably be something like that or
the con comment will be something like
this.
If you have enough of these lines on
there, of course, it's going to hit
something. But the problem is is I point
to the ones that it goes to and then my
trades are off of those levels. So it
it's a matter of experience. And what
you're going to discover is the ones
that are so obvious and they converge
and lay over top of or very very close
proximity to another supporting PD array
whether it be an inefficiency or a gap
like the wicks.
If it's laying on top of a quadrant
level like that and it's also time
anchored
if it's time for it to move it's at a a
session open. It's during the first 30
minutes of the opening range or it is
inside of a macro time.
Man, you have a loaded deal. And I don't
want you to believe me because I said
so. I know when I say something, the
community says, "Wow, if ICT says this,
I'm just going to take that and just go
with it." Don't. Don't do that. You're
robbing yourself the opportunity to feel
the confidence that you know that you
know that you know. It's not good enough
for you to know that ICT knows.
It's good only in your hands if you know
that you know that you know. And you can
only get that confidence by seeing it in
your own hands. Go into your own charts
and then tape read it. Not trade it yet.
Tape read it. Watch and observe and
you'll see the market is absolutely
doing what I told you it would do. And
it's not just doing it once in a while.
Right now, the internet's a buzz. Oh,
where did this sell off come from?
Nobody saw this coming. Oh, a gasp.
Come on. Seriously. Listen. Okay. I've
already I've already um what is it?
Blocked. Okay. I'm a I got the banhammer
block um bionic thumb. You this fall
here. I I have no time for people that
are silly, stupid, or just ignorant. And
here here's here's what you have to
understand.
Number one, you're not entitled to know
anything from me in advance. I'm out
here doing this because I like to do it.
I'm not selling you anything. I'm not a
course seller, okay? I'm not collecting
any money from you. I'm not asking for
your PayPal. I'm not asking for your
credit card payments. I'm not doing any
of that stuff. Have you noticed that?
Have you noticed it? Yeah. But there's a
lot of people out there that are
shilling my stuff and I still don't
stop. Why? Because you're not learning
correctly from them. You're just getting
crumbs from my table over here. I'm
serving fresh all the time. And I want
you to understand something. While I did
give advice to the average viewer that
you as an inexperienced individual, you
should never ever ever
entertain the idea of trying to pick a
top in the marketplace. It's a fool's
errand. It is simply
something that's going to hurt you more
than it will help you. Okay? And when I
was a 20-year-old, when I was first
learning about the markets, I thought
that it was possible to do it. I thought
Larry Williams was selling the high tick
and buying the bottom tick all the time.
He was my hero. I figured that's how he
did it. 10,000 to a million dollars in a
year. And it's not anything like that.
So, what I'm about to divulge to you is
20 years. Okay, I've been doing this for
33 years, but it was 20 years of
experience that led to this observation
and realization.
And prior to those 20 years bringing me
to this point of perspective, I hurt
myself a lot. I I just felt like I was
way better than I really was. And I kept
trying to fulfill this idea I had in my
mind where I can pick the tops. I can do
it. I I just had to tweak a little bit
of this and tweak a little bit of that.
Well, it just so happens that, you know,
I was on vacation with my wife just this
past week. We went to Cape Cod and we
stayed at U Bar Harbor in Maine. Now, I
know some of you this get you don't want
me to talk like this because I I go on
and on and you say I'm annoying and I
that's okay. I don't want you as a
student. Get the hell out of here. The
point is this. We were coming home and I
was watching NASDAQ all week and I told
my wife, I said, "Listen,
this thing's going to dump and trade
down a lot. It's Friday. They have
worked in so much staging for shorts,
for smart money, and I'll explain what
that is in a moment. And my wife looked
at me and she's like, "Okay, what's that
to me?" I don't care. That's what I
said. Let me tell you something. This
kind of move can pay for Christmas and
this vacation and everything. Like
that's how big this thing's going to
move. Well,
my wife's never impressed by this
because she she still thinks it's a a
video game. It doesn't matter how much
money you ever make. The point is it's
still a video game to her. So, she
thinks like a lady that is not
interested. And that's not a knock
against her or anything. It's just she's
remained consistent the entire time
we've been together. So just understand
this gentlemen. If your wife is not
impressed by your success doing this,
don't feel bad. You're you're you're
among good company.
Okay? Trust me when I tell you that. So
let's talk about how I expected this
measure of retracement but was surprised
that it happened in one day. like it was
a lot of movement in one day. I expected
this to kind of like bleed over into
next week and it still might do that,
but it just really overd delivered. And
I want you to go back to again the post
I was making about Thursday,
October 2nd, and I told you to take
those levels. The apt student would
carry those over into the the right side
of their chart and keep keep extending
them to the right.
I'm going to kind of like break that
down and decode that for you. I'm going
to remove the mystic the mystery and and
mysticism around why I was talking about
it.
If you go to your daily chart and we had
our old all-time high here, okay, they
formed as relative equal highs. This
high being slightly lower than that one.
So that classifies this as a high
probability candidate for a run on
liquidity.
It's less likely when the right side is
higher than the left because we've
already done the damage there by running
the wick of this candlestick. So, we
created this short-term all-time high
and we traded lower. Okay? And you can
look at your daily chart and we'll see
it in a moment when I show the bigger
portion of this. But for now, don't look
at chart yet. Just follow along with
this one. And then we had this
candlestick here. We pierced it, but
look, we only pierced it with a wick.
That's not meaningful to me. It's
insignificant. It's unfinished business
still above this candlestick high. So on
this day here, we have October 2nd. The
market creates this open. We trade down
and we rally up
here and then come off the high right
there. The this day
October 2nd regular trading hours
opening range gap. That's what this five
minute chart has been showcasing.
Okay. So these levels here
are what I was referring to.
They need to be carried into the future.
Why did I say that?
Why not any other
being specifically mentioned?
I said in the October 1st that you
should look back over the last three
days.
Always. If you have opening range level
quadrants on your chart,
go back over the last three days and
include them.
So technically you're going to have
whatever the trading day that you're
trading that opening range gap if there
is one in its quadrants and then one two
three days ago. So what do you have in
your charts technically four opening
range gaps and their respective
quadrants.
So when I say you have to have three on
there, it's not just three sets of
opening range quadrants.
today's trading day and whatever opening
range gap quadrants there may be
associated with it and then yesterday
the day before it and the day before it
and you have to go back into the
previous week if you're looking at like
say for instance on Monday you'll go
back to Friday Thursday and Wednesday of
the previous week if there's a holiday
you're going to skip over that and just
go to the market day that uh price was
permitted to trade in
this Today we have a body left above the
previous all-time highs. This right here
is much more meaningful. So this day's
opening range gap is going to be highly
highly significant.
That's why I told you to carry it and go
forward projecting it forward. And
you'll look at all these days here and
you'll see those levels which are these
levels here. They're being used by the
algorithm that you don't believe exists.
But everybody knows about opening range
gaps. It's always been a thing ICT.
I didn't say I invented a gap opening. I
didn't say that. I just created a
language how you can take advantage of
it and trade precision entries and exits
and scale in build your positions larger
trail your stop loss appropriately and
properly.
That's what I promise to teach. Nobody
else does that. Now, they might have
interpretations,
but they don't have it like I got it.
And these levels are what you should
have on your chart. And this is a video
where you want to probably pause this
video right here. Go and get your levels
on the opening range gap for October
2nd.
Okay? And then study the third, the
fourth, fifth, you know, so on until we
made this high up here.
Notice how it was used all in this area
here.
And you're going to see that there's a
lot of wonderful confirmations, setups,
stop-loss management ideas that could
have been utilized and implemented. Lots
of scalps, lots of wonderful scalps. And
I teased even while I was away that look
at this. Even today, it still used the
upper quadrant. Even then, it used this,
it used that.
because I'm I'm poking and I'm proddding
you to consider this information because
it's not contrived. It's not random.
It's not made up. It's not borrowed
logic from anything else.
Okay? It's my life's work. So, the
candlestick that left a body above old
time all-time highs, this logic also
works when it's not trading all-time
highs. But I've learned 20 years into my
career that this is something that tends
to repeat at all-time highs. Now, I've
only had a few instances in certain
markets to see all-time highs form. I've
only been around for 53 years, but in my
53 years on this spinning rock, that's a
sphere, not a flat surface. By the way,
flat earth, you're wrong. the idea of a
body being left above that old all-time
high. This could be still used if it's
just a old market high. If you're
looking for the market to trade above an
old all-time high, it's this logic and
any old high where we look at this
candlestick, it leaves a body above it.
Whereas, by contrast, this one only
wicks above it by a little bit. So, I
want you to understand there's a
significant departure from just simply
going above it price-wise and then
leaving the body above it. Okay, this is
much more salient and more information
being
indicating that the algorithm will now
utilize that candlestick's opening range
gap levels
and that's these levels here. Okay, I
also show this uh lower quadrant here.
You'll see this in the chart uh slides
as I go forward. It's perfect position
here. Why am I picking this one? Because
it's the highest one in this swing high
lower quadrant. Trades it, hits it
perfectly, and sells off on that day of
October 2nd, 2025.
But now watch what happens. I want you
to pay attention to the daily chart over
here. We have a buy sign on a balance
sell efficiency
volume of bounce toward the discount end
of that bissy and it's candlesticks low
as the high
graded. Here's the upper quadrant.
consequent encroachment lower quadrant
and then the low.
This portion here
of that blue box is being shown right
down here.
The buy side equity pool here is this
blue line right there. So that way we
can track everything.
Thursday regular trading hours opening
range gap
lower quadrant.
This is the opening range gap low on
that Thursday. That's this black line
here.
Consequent encroachment of Tuesday,
October 2nd opening range gap.
Here's the upper quadrant.
And here's the high of Thursday's
opening range gap. High.
That's what's being shown here. Okay.
over here.
This candlestick here on the 2nd of
October has a little arrow above it.
That closing price. Okay. Everything I'm
saying here when you're looking at
markets trading at lows that you
anticipate trading below an old low and
looking for accumulation to go higher,
you're going to reverse everything I'm
saying here. But for now, I'm focusing
on how we can
not predict. I'm not trying to promise
you're going to be able to call the high
in the marketplace. I didn't get at the
high, but I'm showcasing how you can see
real accumulation and real distribution
in the marketplace. Okay?
Bodies left above old highs right there.
that closing price. As soon as that day
closes and a new one opens here, that
price right there and anything above it,
smart money will start staging
shorts.
If we're making an all-time high or if
we're making a long-term high or a
significant intermediate term high and
we expect to see a a decline that's
tradable,
you want to reference in the market when
it's bullish. If you're anticipating a
turnaround, you want to indicate every
up close price,
the the closing price. That's what I'm
indicating here. So October 2nd, 2025,
this price is what's being indicated,
which now appears here on this chart.
So everything at that price and above,
smart money is looking for PD arrays to
get short on. They're running out old
highs, selling into that. They're
selling into that. They're building
large portions because they have to act
like a commercial trader does in
commodities. They enter early.
When big positions are uh sought after,
they start putting in positions early.
Where do they and how do they do that?
Everything above this closing price,
anything above that price is going to be
chased by what? Retail.
But when they're buying it, smart money
is selling to them as they buy. So at
this point here and above to this
candlestick here, all this is where
smart money is accumulating swing
trading perspective that kind like like
a duration of time, not a day trade. In
other words, they're staging in that
range shorts.
And then we get this day. We have a
higher close price than the previous
one.
See that? So now above that price
and higher up to here, Smart Money is
looking for PDAs, old highs to sell into
when it goes above it or trading back up
into premium arrays. They're selling
short inside that area. And then
finally, we have this closing price
here. So, we have one, two, three stages
of smart money shorting.
They're staging their short positions.
As the market's going higher,
they're feeding
that buy liquidity
to the people that want to chase price
higher. They keep Oh, it's going to keep
going higher. You can see what they're
doing with the candlestick wicks.
See that?
Yeah, we were here at this highest point
here, but we closed down here. Yeah, we
were high up here, but we closed right
here. We were high up here, but we
closed way down here. We We are high
here, but we closed right there. That's
distribution
of longs and accumulation of shorts by
Smart Money.
Now, this is not a one-time video and
you understand it. Please, young men, do
not go out there and pretend. Did you
understand what I just said? It's going
to take you a little bit of time
studying your own charts and studying
what price action is doing when it does
these types of things. But do not think
like this only with all-time highs.
Every time the market creates
intermediate term or long-term highs, it
does these same things.
It does these same things. But at
all-time highs, you want to see an
all-time high form and then a deep
retracement and then it gets taken out
and then start looking for these types
of scenarios. Okay. So here we have this
portion here at this candlesticks
closing price and anything above it
they're going to be utilizing
premium arrays and selling short above
old highs because they have deep pockets
because they are essentially
agents of the market where they're
literally privy to certain things.
They don't have to have the same
concerns that you have to have. You want
to trade big positions, very, very small
stop- losses.
They don't need to worry about that type
of stuff because they're not
overleveraging.
They're scaling in. They're scaling in.
They're scaling in. Now, time element.
It's Friday. We're at all-time highs
on Thursday. We open up on Friday. We
trade up
into that Thursday high. and we grade
that. Okay, upper quadrant's pierced,
but we can't get to the high of it. And
we trade lower.
As it starts to trade lower,
everybody's talking about the comment
that Trump made about the 100%
tariff on China.
And that news is the
justification.
It's the excuse. It's the the news moved
the market. Trump's moving the market.
Trump is not moving the market. I
promise you, this guy is looked at as
some kind of messiah. He ain't. The
bottom line is this.
It is not what he says,
it's what the market's doing before he
speaks.
And then all the excuse, all the blame,
all the
well, that's the reason why that retail
can see it. And that helps them sleep at
night knowing that their trend lines
didn't work or their moving average
crossovers didn't work anymore or their
divergences or their indicators didn't
avail them a win. It didn't communicate
any clarity to them. So, it makes
perfect sense that it's mean old Trump.
He manipulated the market because he
said this
when I'm going to show you it's not that
at all. But it makes perfect sense to a
neophite. It's a perfect blame game for
someone that doesn't know how these
markets operate and how they book price.
It's a perfect excuse for them not to
know why it didn't indicate before it
was going to go down. It's a perfect
excuse for someone that's weak-minded,
that's insecure as a young man on social
media that doesn't want to listen to
someone with 33 years of experience that
literally does it, that went out there
on live stream and told you beforehand
this is what it was going to do and it
did it to the tick.
You have a choice. You can listen to me
or you can not listen to me. But why
waste your time if you're not going to
listen? Because I'm not going to fail at
this. I'm not going to fail. I keep
making more millionaires, more
successful students. And I talk about it
as it happens.
I talk about it before it happens. I
explain it in detail why it will repeat
in the future. So that way you can do
it, not just, "Wow, he did that. He did
this. He can do that." It's not about
me. Take me out of this. Take you and
put you in it. Can you see yourself
doing this? You will never be able to do
it unless you stop listening to fools
and you roll your sleeves up and you do
your own due diligence and study it,
back test it, look at old price moves.
So, let's move a little bit forward now.
So, we jump ahead and we're looking at
Tuesday
price action. We open up higher again.
This uh is a five-minute chart on
NASDAQ. Usually I show like a one minute
chart, but for the sake of sizing and
showing more data, I'm using the
five-minute chart. We have a small gap
in here. So, it's regular trading hours
being shown. And the idea is that we see
it trade lower
above that this closing price. So, we we
use that price here. So, there's
discount sensitivity. It rallies above
previous high here. So what's above that
buy side? So they're selling into that.
They're selling into that. We come back
down into that October 6 closing price.
Then we have a gap opening higher. We
rally above previous high. Then we sell
off.
Small little civian here. Sells off and
trades down into what? Thursday's
regular trading hours opening range gap
low. That's this dark line right here.
You'll see it annotated in a moment.
Here's the lower quadrant. Here's
consequent encouragement. Here's the
upper quadrant. Here's the high of it,
which is the opening price on Thursday,
October 2nd. So, don't be confused with
these annotations. I'm referring to only
October 2nd. Why? Because it was the
candlestick that had the body that was
left above the previous all-time high
when it formed and then retraced away
from it. Really, really important. And
you're going to need to watch and listen
to this video a few times, but then go
back and look at your old price moves.
It doesn't need to be all-time highs,
and you'll see exactly what I'm saying
is the truth. And there has never been
ever ever never ever ever ever been
another author, teacher, educator,
trader that ever talked about it, shared
it, or ever communicated, or even hinted
at it. Not one time in history ever in
print, video format, or audible.
And that's the truth. And today, October
11, 2025, good old Michael J.
Huddleston,
ICT, inner circle trader, is giving it
to you for free. Why? Because I don't
need your effing money. I don't need it.
I don't need your money. And for some of
you, that just pisses you off because
you want to be able to say, "I got a
shill. I got to get my bills paid. And
I'm out here giving it for free over and
over and over again. I'm like the
candyman." And guess what they say about
the candyman? The candyman can I can
here look at the levels it's using the
upper quadrant here
hits it sells off lower than that it's
the consequent encroachment level look
at the body respecting it there and
trades down to lower quadrant and then
to the low of it this is literally
five days
after October 2nd why is the price
respecting these levels
Find that in support and resistance
theory. It's not going to be found. Find
it in white. It's not going to be found.
Supply and demand. Find it. It will not
be found. It's not an Elliot wave.
Pitchforks ain't nowhere near to be
seen.
Moving average crossovers. Nope. No
flags. No penants.
No regression channels.
None of that nonsense. No harmonic
patterns. No animal patterns, zoo
patterns, none of that stuff. It's a
simple grading of very specific generic
ideas when you understand the market's
algorithmically delivered.
It's a very simplistic approach to
understanding why price is going to do
what it's going to do and when it should
do it. when
look at the times when price is hitting
these levels.
There's the epiphany.
You're going to love it. But if you're
never looking for it, it goes under the
radar. And that's why every Tom Dick and
Harry
and Jane Doe
educator never noticed it before because
they don't believe there's a central
algorithm that runs everything. They
believe it's buying and selling
pressures. Therefore, it must be random.
It's a randomly evenly distributed
random act of chaos of buying and
selling. We all are doing auction
theory.
No, you're not.
No, you're not. You're following a Judas
either to slaughter or you soon will be.
That's what retail is doing. And that's
all they're ever doing. But they're
given all this wonderful distractions to
be able to classify and say, "I'm smart
because I know this trading model. I'm
using this trading approach. I'm using
this indicator and this school of
thought and I use this guy because he
wrote books about this or this person
made this or this person won a contest
using this or therefore it must validate
it and it doesn't hold water." Like I
said, you can flip a coin buy and heads
short on tails if you use sound money
management and don't overleverage or
overtrade. you can make money.
It doesn't sound like it's possible to
the neophite, to the uninitiated, to
someone that has no idea what's going
on.
There's no way that that could possibly
happen, but yet it does.
But what will happen is someone will
bring their own twist to it. They can't
follow those rules. They got to well the
last time I looked at this price like
this and the last time I got in a fight
with my spouse and last time I had gout
and last time I had athletes foot and
last time my back was aching and elbow
hurt. I had tennis elbow. I had this and
I had that. You know the market did this
and the other thing happened.
You bring in human failed logic
and it's what people do all the time. I
can give you literally enigma. I can
give it to you and you'll lose money
with it. Not because it's not perfect,
but because you want to make something
in your own hands with it. You want to
say you found something, you discovered
something, you want to be authenticated
because you contributed something. And
that's the big thing right now. And a
lot of you young people just need to be
thankful that you're even learning it.
Not enigma, but how the markets actually
book. There's so many of you out there
that simply can't give honor to whom
it's due.
That's God. Because that's who gave it
to me. That's who gave it to me.
So keep shelling. Keep doing all that
nonsense you're doing because nobody's
going to remember your name. Nobody's
going to remember your name. They might
see you right now talking in the
language that I gave you, but they're
not going to remember you.
You got suckers on the on the the meal
ride right now paying you. But that's
going to dry up. And when it does,
nobody will remember you.
Nobody will. And that's going to hurt.
It's going to ache cuz that's what you
really want. Cuz money is easy. Money's
it's fleeting. You get it, you got it,
you spend it, it's gone.
But for all you out there that are
selling and marketing and trying to make
a name for yourself, you want legacy.
You want legendary status.
I don't want it. I don't want it.
But you're never going to get it.
You're never going to get it.
>> It's delicious. Actually, moving forward
here, we have Wednesday, October 8th.
Now, we're above the October 6th closing
price. That's over here. All these
wicks, we're seeing that form in here.
So everything in this price run up here.
Again, every time price runs above this
high there, Smart Money is staging.
They're adding to their short position.
This high here, as it trades above it,
they're adding to their short position
here. This high, as it trades above it,
they're shorting more up here, they're
shorting. What is this?
It's an inversion fair gap. Price breaks
that low, trades down. There's your
short inside of another fair value gap
there. Beautiful, beautiful, beautiful
delivery there. Trades back down. What's
it trade down to? Tuesday, October 2nd,
2025, regular trading hours, opening
price. That's the high of that opening
range gap on October 2nd. Hits it and
what does it do? Stop. It flirts just
below it a little bit with the wicks and
then rallies away.
Why is it using that level? If the
algorithm doesn't exist, why is it using
now something six days old? The data has
already been used. It's already been
referred to. It's already closed its
gap.
Here's the third. It traded down and and
threw it.
So why is it still using it?
Everybody knows about GAPS. this guy.
ICT, what a fraud.
He's rebranding. Uh, no.
I'm trailblazing.
And you're all having the wonderful
opportunity to watch it as it happens.
You're all having a GAN moment. You're
all watching a Livermore moment.
That's not ego. It's just simple facts.
And now here we are. Here we are. Dday.
Here
it is
the market on the 9th. Here's Thursday
creating the high.
Okay,
we have the market trading
in an area where
the October closing price here on the
ETH the 9th we open, we rally up in this
little portion of price action in here.
All this that's being graded up here.
You can see those levels here at 25,393.
even that's this candlestick's high.
Okay. So it's pre over here previous
looking at it
the bodies are stopping rate of
consequent encroachment
right here and we're above buy side on
this swing high here deep retracement.
It trades down into what I tell you
Thursday's regular trading hours opening
price. So that was the high of the
opening range gap on Thursday October
2nd.
The only reason why we're constantly
keeping these levels on our chart is
because on the daily chart, it was
October 2nd that left the higher bodied
closing price above the previous swing
high that made all-time highs.
Carry that over into when you're not
trading all-time highs, just using it
for market structure purposes.
When you're trading above an old high
and you're expecting a long-term or
intermediate term high to form, you're
using the same logic.
It just works more frequently because
it's rare that the markets that you're
trading are at all-time highs. It takes
a lot of time to get to these all-time
highs in markets. So, here we have it.
So,
point is the market's already indicating
it's tipping its hand. the bodies are
not able to close above consequent
encroachment
of the ninth price action.
So when we start trading on the 10th
here,
it's it's faltering. It's failing. It
can't muster up the strength
to get into a run to make a higher
all-time high.
And we've had three stages of smart
money shorting.
This price that is too far to the left
is the old buy side. It trades above it
here. That's your first indication that
we laid down a body and a closing price
at a all-time high. Above a old all-time
high that was a swing high. So here's a
stage one. Here's stage two and stage
three. Anything
above those closing prices, smart money
is putting in shorts. They're selling.
They're selling to the public. They're
selling to money chasers,
the Johnny come lately, the breakout
artists, the Instagram traders, the Tik
Tok traders, the YouTubers. They're
buying on breakouts. They're buying
strength. They think it's going to go to
the moon. All this is it's going to the
moon. It's going to the moon. Just like
Bitcoin, it's going to the moon. It's
going to the moon.
doesn't
market trades right back above right in
here above buy side here and taps
October 8th 2025's closing price
after just a hair pierce above
And then it happens
inversion fairway. I got small little
invol um volume and bounce in here.
You'll check your price to see it. It's
very small but it's there.
Market trades up.
It's all out of bed.
three stages of smart money selling
above an all-time high
indicated by failure by the body's not
making any headway above consequent
encouragement.
If it would have been above it then we
might have to make a higher high but
it's not. And I taught you this. I
taught you this. This is how you read
orderflow. It's not level two nonsense
where you're looking at numbers and
attribute that to some kind of
prognostication for the future. It has
nothing to do with it because there's
orders above and below. That ladder is
not going to be helpful in terms of
direction. It's your in private
interpretation is what you're you're
believing in the religion that you
created for yourself. But when you start
seeing the science that I'm showing you
here and the closing prices are giving
telltale signs to smart money that it's
about to turn.
Why? Because we couldn't post a body
above consequent encouragement of this
wick and it's time
Friday.
Oh, it looks like a bull flag or a
bullish continuation penant.
really
reversion fair value gap
failure to go higher.
We're consolidating and then we go into
the macro
1050 11:10 a.m. overlapping with London
close.
Look at your euro. Look at your dollar
index and look at your pound dollar
again.
Then market starts to drop.
People are in shock.
Social media is ablaze. What's going on?
Trump. Trump did this. Trump said that.
Trump said Trump this. He's the fault
guy. I told you in 2016 he would be used
as such before he was even elected. And
before you come at me, I have never
voted in my life. I've never voted for
anyone because it's
a facade.
You're a victim of the left right
paradigm and no matter what side you
pick,
you're still being deceived because you
don't have a say in the matter. If they
voting mattered,
they would never ever let you do it. So,
I'm not trying to promote an idea one
side or the next. I'm not Republican.
I'm not Democrat. I'm not independent.
I'm a monarchist. I'm looking for a
coming king.
He's not of this world. So, my
perspective is completely objective
outside of I'm not looking at it through
the lens of a party view. But I told you
in 2016 that everything you're seeing
all around the world and in the US, it
was coming and it's here. I told you it
was going to be expensive and you won't
be able to pay for food. You won't be
able to do this. You won't be able to do
that. It's happening. I tell you about
this in the market. I tell you about
that in the market. This is what it's
going to do. Is it what it's not going
to do? It's going to say
it wants to go higher with certain
things, but retail will chase that and
it'll be wrong.
We're in the age of deception right now.
And you need to make sure you guard
yourself against that.
And because I'm a man
and you got to make sure that no man
deceives you, don't take my word for it.
Go into your charts and get your
evidence there.
Period.
So, here's where we're at. inversion
fair gap macro 1050 1110
trading at the closing prices third
stage of smart money shorting at
all-time high and one more tap into that
buy side and it carines lower
and back into that Thursday those
Thursday levels we trade down below
consequent encroachment of Thursday
October 2nd 2025's opening range gap it
wicks
through it twice. Where is the bodies
below it?
Why am I using that Thursday, October
2nd opening range gap? Because it's the
one it's the one that had the daily
candlestick close that laid down a new
all-time high above a previous all-time
high that was formed that was retraced
on. So, it should be viewed as what?
Continuation. But I'm looking for
indications that smart money will fade
into that and start selling it
distribution here inside this cibby
volume and balance.
I'm a balance.
This is what
suspension block
halfway point consequent encroachment
can't even reach that and the bodies are
staying below what Thursday's
regular trading hours opening range gap
consequent encroachment midpoint level.
It can't even muster the strength to
come back and kiss it with its bodies.
It's weird. It's heavy. So, where could
it reach for? Go back to your daily
chart.
We have a swing low. We have a discount
wick that you can grade. And then we
have the change in the state delivery
down here. See this down close candle
all the way past this one. So, if we're
going to pierce this, this is the last
time after or before this candlestick
formed. This was the last time there's a
change in state delivery. So this candle
sticks open
to its high. That is your premium wick.
When price is above it, it's going to
act as what? A discount wick. So here's
the lower quadrant consequent
encouragement. And the upper quadrant.
Lower quadrant comes in at 24,16650.
And during regular trading hours, you
know, trailing stop losses getting
stopped out. It is what it is. But that
is a really, really nice run.
carrying it over to electronic trading
hours where you can see that there's
trading beyond that three I'm sorry 4:14
p.m. Eastern time. Uh this big drop off
went right down into that there
beautifully with just below the low. But
look at that delivery.
It's completely random. I'm sure most of
your eyes
I don't see it as that. See, I've seen
these things happen a lot of times. Not
just once in a lifetime like some of you
20-year-olds. These things are measured.
These things are scripted. These things
are calculated. They're predetermined,
predestined.
And when you look at how smart money was
selling above these highs here and above
this candlestick's closing price here
and here and above this candlestick's
closing price here and here and above
this candlestick's closing price here
and here and then all of a sudden during
a macro time inside of inversion fair
value gap after three stages of smart
money staging for shorts at all-time
highs at the end of the week when the
government shut down and all this stuff
is coalesing at the same time
Trump says, "I'm reinstating
100% tariffs on China."
There's the perfect excuse.
There's a perfect excuse that buying and
selling and random acts of chaos,
nobody should expect to be able to time
the market.
It's a wonderful plot. that would make a
wonderful TV movie.
It takes that perspective to believe
that fiction
because that's what that is fiction.
Now,
am I going to sit here and tell you that
it was expected on my part that it was
going to deliver such a long drop down
on Thursday? No.
But submitting to the idea that I picked
up from good old Larry Williams, the
most money you make is holding for the
close.
Think about it. You're stuck in a car.
You're limited to the perspective of
your Samsung Ultra.
So, you're not going to look at every
single one minute candlestick. You're
just going to hold an idea close to your
heart and let time do its thing.
And then you look and you're pleasantly
surprised. Wow, it did what I expected
to happen over next week.
It did it all in one day.
This should be signifying to you that if
you're not respecting risk right now,
if you think you're John Wayne of the
markets,
okay, you think you're the cool hand
Luke,
you think you're uh Paul Newman in the
color of money and you just can't miss,
you might want to take another look
because there's a whole lot of things in
the offing
just past the horizon. You just can't
see it yet, but it's coming.
And it's going to make these markets
move in a pace,
in a method, and a style of delivery
that's going to take your head clean off
if you don't know what you're doing. You
want to overlever your pretend little
demo accounts that you affiliated with
these funded account companies.
Yeah, it's only the reset fees you got
to pay
that you're gambling
and you're taking big lottery guesses.
And if you're doing that with your real
money,
you are playing idiot poker.
man. And you are holding a commode
flush.
You got you have no idea what's about to
happen to you.
There's so many things
that can happen at any moment at the
drop of a hat.
Any one of those things are going to be
the perfect instrument to justify why
these markets don't stay where they're
at and they leave at a pace that you've
never seen before.
And if you're caught on the wrong side,
Lord help you.
So you have to be careful.
You have to be careful. And overnight
gap risk should be your number one
priority.
not assuming it.
Don't hold overnight.
If you're a trader and you're doing
anything holding overnight,
Yeah.
Well, you know, good luck.
Cuz if you're on the wrong side,
no, that's not where I want to be at.
Because if it can move this much in one
day,
how much do you think it can do
overnight when we open up on Sunday? How
much can it move just from where we
close on Friday, 5:00 p.m. Eastern time
and opening up on 6:00, 1 hour later?
What prevents them from opening up 1,500
handles different from where you last
saw it?
Nothing.
That's the thing you don't understand.
Like you think that there's got to be,
you know, a a a method that prevents
things like that. It it this isn't like
that. Remember,
you think smart money is not short right
now.
Look where they've moved it. They are
not letting other people in on that
move.
They've already shifted this thing a
lot.
Now, what do you think the public wants
to do? Come Monday or Well, Monday's a
holiday. When they can get in the market
and trade
they're going to do what? If they're
long, they're going to be scared and
they're going to try to get out.
And people that don't know how to trade
see it as, wow, it's probably going to
start dropping now.
You should not be trying to do anything
right now. It's already moved a lot. So,
just sit still. Wait for the dust to
settle a little bit. And if it keeps
going lower and you miss it, that's
better than trying to chase it.
That's it for this one, folks. Until
talk to you next week, Lord willing.
Enjoy your weekend. Be safe and good
luck and good trading.