Good morning, folks. Welcome back. Hope
you're all doing well.
Uh for the folks in Telegram, uh I'm
going to start off by doing a little
housekeeping here. I got a lot of
comments sent to me asking me for the
ongoing commentary or any kind of charts
or whatnot to post that through X or
what was formerly known as Twitter.
And the reason why it's better on
Twitter and I agree in this regard
is because X or or Twitter
allows you to translate and Telegram
doesn't easily do that. I think there
are things out there that help do that,
but it's so cumbersome and so much of a
challenge for me as a content creator to
help facilitate that need from everyone
all around the world. So, it's much
easier for me to just post my
commentary.
If it's, you know, if it's live and I'm
not doing a live stream, it's better for
me to just post it right on X. So that
way everyone that's following me on X,
they can hit the little translate uh
function that X so graciously allows
for. Um the posts that I make in the
Telegram are primarily focused just on
the PDF and the notes. Okay. Um
I have been distracted with preparing
for a road trip and getting my house
ready for my oldest to take care of my
little ones, my pups while we're gone.
And that's that's causing me to, you
know, have a lapse in focus and
concentration. So that's the reason why
you haven't got anything. But yesterday
I did some live posting on X. So that
way you can get all your screenshots and
such from that. That would be like the
uh
the consolation prize. For those that
were waiting for things that appear in
Telegram, uh these charts will appear in
Telegram shortly after it posts on
YouTube this morning. And then uh
tonight I'll do another roundup of uh
what the market did today. Uh no live
commentary on X. I like I said I have
lots of things I got to take care of
before I head out. So any let's get this
ball rolling here.
Appreciate the uh patience while I get
through that bit of business. And a lot
of you know
like to go and run your mouth about how
I don't get right to the point I talk
too much. If I don't talk enough, you
won't learn. So this is the uh focus on
forex portion of it where we look at the
usual suspects dollar euro dollar and
cable pound dollar.
All right, I'm going to go through this
rather uh briefly so that way we can get
through it. Left hand side as always
dollar chart is the daily and the right
hand dollar chart is the five-minute
chart. So I have the B cell side
efficiency annotated in here and the
last three days have been pretty much a
nothing burger. Uh we had a little bit
of a run in here and I'll explain why
that took place. And before I go any
further now on that remark, uh hopefully
I've earned for the new viewers that
don't know me, um when I talk about
things in retrospect or if I look at it
in teaching means of communicating this
is why price reacted this way and it's
in hindsight. Um I'm the one that went
out there this week and told you the
very low of the day on NQ like right as
it was happening. I gave you every level
and everything. So, um, and told you it
was going to go to an all-time high.
Hint, hint, nudge, nudge. So, uh,
anyway, I I've earned it. And if you
don't believe that, if you don't agree,
then move along cuz I don't have time
for people like that. You're either
luke, you know, lukewarm and we spit you
out or you're on fire and you want to
learn here. That's how it works. So, the
last three days, it's been pretty much
uh, nothing except for this little price
run in here. And you can see that we
traded down into consequent encroachment
which is the midpoint of this buy side
balance sell sign efficiency fair value
gap. Okay. And we dug deeper into this
order block which is a daily chart PD
array. But I want to bring some more
things into focus. I want to show you
by grading the inefficiency of this
basalance efficiency. You can see it
came right down into lower quadrant. You
see that? That comes in at 9752.6 six
right in here. Okay. And then we had
that rally that took out relative equal
highs and buy side.
Continuing on, if you used the discount
wick here like a gap and we grade those
as well, you can see that we came down
to that also. And here is where you
blend both of those concepts together.
The inefficiency
of the daily fair value gap is in and of
itself wonderful. But if you have a wick
like this, okay, that goes and travels
towards the lower end, either touches it
or maybe even go just below it a little
bit outside the range, which is
permissible because the wicks are
allowed to do the damage and the bodies
will keep the narrative underway. That
way you you'll follow the narrative of
price action more accurately if you
follow just the bodies printing. And the
wicks are just you know the worst case
scenario your stock gets tagged or the
best case scenario you take someone
else's stop and enter there. Okay. So
that's the story behind a wick. The
legend of the wick the uh discount wick
on this one here. Why am I why am I
picking this one? Why am I not talking
about this one? Why am I not talking
about that one? Because this one is the
most elongated to the downside. That
means it's the longest one and it also
meets the criteria of trading back to
the low of this bullish fair value gap.
So there's a rhyme and reason as to why
I picked certain candlesticks. It's not
willy-nilly and not cherrypicking. Okay?
But if you do that in concert with the
buy sell efficiency fair value gap, you
get perfection,
baby. Don't believe me? Look at your
dollar chart and you'll see that the low
of that tick right there is exactly
97522
which is the lower quadrant of that
discount wick. Turned on a dime and then
rallied consolidated around the
consequent encroachment of the fair
value gap from the daily chart. Rallied
up
and where where' it go up into here?
This is a mystery, right?
Mysteries
call Scooby-Doo and the gang. Okay.
Well, here they go. You have the
sell side of bounce by side efficiency,
right? Yes. But more specifically, it's
a suspension block. I already see people
out there sharing things with me and
other people already. They're talking
about here, look at this move here I did
with the suspension block. And they're
anchoring to a candlestick that has
absolutely nothing to do with a
suspension block.
Okay, the candle has to have a volume of
bounce at the high end of it and it has
to have a volume of bounce at the low
end of it. And we annotate the volume
bounce low to volume and balance high.
We do not use the wicks in between. Then
if you do that just by the volume of
balance high and the volume of bounce
low, you're getting the suspension block
the range and you can grade that. And if
there's an inefficiency between the two
wicks, clearly you can use that. But for
suspension block annotations and for
that narrative, we're using the
principles I'm showing you here. That's
my ICT suspension block. If anybody's
showing you examples where the
candlestick they're anchoring to doesn't
have a volume of bounce on both sides
and they're not anchored on the lowest
of the volume of bounce on the low end
and the highest portion of the volume of
bounce on the high end, it is not being
annotated correctly and they are talking
out their rear end. Okay. I understand
y'all want to run out there and start
using something you don't even know.
Okay? Just like when I was teaching
martial arts or I show a magic trick to
somebody. They automatically want to go
out and think they can do it themselves
and they end up hurting themselves or
hurt their pride. So just settle down
because you haven't learned anything
about it yet. I just introduced it. But
this is a suspension block. It's a pre
premium PDA because price was down here
and rallied up down from where? Lower
quadrant of the discount wick on the
daily chart here up into this range. So
if this
suspension block is graded, you can see
getting up into the upper quadrant.
That's this right here. So we wick up
into it and we drop back down and we go
into no man's land where there's no
reason for price to be traded to in
between inefficiency by the suspension
block on the daily chart and the fair
value gap on the daily chart.
And that was the rhyme reason as to why
it did what it did here. Now, obviously,
you would expect when we go over to Euro
dollar and cable, there's going to be a
short, which would be a mirror image of
all this business down here.
And as you would see here,
we have a sell center balance by side
efficiency on the Euro dollar daily
chart on the left. The market rallies up
here a couple days ago
and when it trades up into this
five minute chart, okay, it trades to 1
1755.
It's in the bottom area of this cell
balance by sign efficiency. Okay, this
grading in here
affords us this look right there on
Wednesday's trading.
That's this rally up here. Now, I
anchored a fib from the high down to
that low. So, this is point A, point B.
If you use a
standard deviation on your fib of
positive2,
you'll get 1.16
892. That's point C. Okay, that's a
swing projection. I teach this in the
2016 2017 paid mentorship content that
I've uploaded for free. You can find the
playlists on my YouTube channel, Inner
Circle Trader. And
we also have
The body's pretty much nailing that and
the errant price action is afforded to
us by seeing this drop down into
September 11th, 2025's daily discount
wick. Upper quadrant,
that's this candle here. That's
September 11th's discount wick. The
purple line
right there, that's the upper quadrant
at 1.16861.
And that's what you're seeing here.
That's what's being delivered there. And
then we had that reaction up into the
old order flow. So from this jump
street, we drop down.
This vid was a moment that would have
been otherwise a breakaway gap
annotated. There we have inversion fair
value gap
close candlestick right there. And we
went below it, came back up, stayed in
the lower half, which is ideal inside of
a small little bearish fair value gap as
well. sells off, breaks the low, and we
have all this redelivery back and forth
with these wicks back and forth. So,
this discount wick, we grade that. So,
when price is below it, it's going to
act as a premium array. It stops right
here after wicking through it, but it
stops right here at the consequent
encroachment, but the bodies, look at
the bodies. See, it's telling you the
narrative. It's staying in the lower
half of this discount wick that's going
to act as a premium array. But more
specifically, the bodies are staying at
the lower quadrant. That is indicative
of strength or weakness. Weakness. And
the market falls out of bed. One more
time. The body's respecting the low of
that wick.
Breaks lower
order block mean threshold hits it
beautifully. And then we have the market
trade down into the targets I've given
you here.
Moving on into pound dollar. Uh this
one's very similar. Uh we had an old
inefficiency up here creating the
premium wick there. Price trades up into
consequent encroachment of that premium
wick right there. So point A, point B,
point C.
If dollar is going to go higher, then
we're going to be looking for the
opposite in cable and fiber. And cable
is pound dollar. Fiber is Euro dollar.
The market drops down. breakaway gap
institutional orderflow entry drill,
which is just entering an old
inefficiency just by a little bit by one
fraction, maybe one or two ticks above
the framework that would constitute a
bearish fair value gap. And then we drop
lower. We have an inversion fair value
gap there.
And we also have a premium wick that's
created here. So look how it's staying
in the lower quadrant of that
respecting the halfway point of that
wick and it's inversion pair value gap
it's staying at the consequent
encroachment of that that dotted line.
So the market breaks lower. You want to
look at this area in here on your own
charts.
We break lower crane all the way down
into point C and that comes in at this
premium wick. Now why am I picking this
one? Why can't I use this one? Well, you
could have when price was starting to
drop down. You would be using that. But
also, if it keeps dropping lower, this
area here, it's below what would be in
this candlestick, right? So, you'd be
referring back to that same range as
well because it's treated just like a
gap. So, you grade that as well
and price trades down to the lower
quadrant beautifully
and it agrees with the swing projection
down here. So just a really nice little
drop here for cable. Otherwise, this
this week in forex has been pretty much
a nothing burger. I mean to me this is
the only thing that's been noteworthy.
All right, we are in focusing on index
futures and the usual suspect is the
Christmas mini NASDAQ futures contract.
All right, daily chart lefth hand side.
uh this premium wick that's what's being
highlighted with these gradient levels
here with the fib and you can see that
down here I started the live session
live stream on YouTube um I talked about
all these things live so everything I'm
going to talk about here except for the
PM session because I wasn't with you in
the PM session
everything in the morning session I gave
you live as it was happening explaining
it talking to you um
actually I said YouTube didn't I meant
to say X I was posting things on X. So,
I just made a mistake there. The um
intermediate term sellside liquidity
pool is underneath this low and below
the gradient level of this and it's
anchored to the order block that's here.
There's a huge down close series of
candlesticks. That is a bullish order
block and change in the state of
delivery. So, that price is the open.
You extend that forward. That's what
this blue line is over here. That's the
bullish order block. Okay? So, we trade
down into the gradient levels of that
premium wick on the daily chart and you
can see how it's being respected there
and then rallied up. Now, what caused
this? Now, I'm going to say something
and I know some of you people just
simply won't believe this, okay? But I
was literally minutes away from going on
X and posting that if you're long, you
want to be taking that off now and
prepare for Thursday's effect where the
market tends to have
well when it's been going up, it likes
to create these false highs and it can
start to pull back. So the government
shut down right now in the US and as far
as I'm concerned, they haven't been
working for decades. So they should get
their pay held as well. But the point
is, it drops precipitously. And I wish I
would have had the time to get on X and
do this because then I would have really
look like a lot a rockstar.
But it is what it is. Just take my word
for it. I was going to do it, but I
didn't find my way to get to X in time
to post it. And it moved too fast for me
to mention it in in this area here
because it just was too quick and
dropping
down into the order block. And then we
started meandering around here. So we'll
go into the one minute charts and these
will look familiar because this is what
I was posting on X. Okay. And here's the
regular trading hours opening price that
starts the opening range high. Why is at
the high? It's because we closed
previous days regular trading hours here
at this price. And you can see the
annotation there. And this is a full gap
closure
and the intermediate term sellside
liquidity was never taken. So that is
bullish or bearish. Bullish. And then we
may entered up back into this sell side
of balance buy sign efficiency. And I'm
certain that some of you wanted to know
why I annotated that one. Why did I
annotate this particular sell side of
balance by side efficiency and labeled
it an inversion fair value gap and say
not this one. Okay. Well, it's because
we had the straight run right from the
opening down to here. We created a
short-term low and then we rally back up
into this gap. So, that's a fair value
gap. That's bearish. And then it sells
off again and creates a lower low.
Whenever you see market structure create
a low with a lower low, if there's an
imbalance in there, there's a huge
probability that's going to become an
inversion fair value gap. It doesn't
mean it's going to happen immediately,
but it means that you need to be aware
of that one because there's a structural
run on liquidity where it drops, comes
back a little bit, and runs a lower low.
Anyone that was trying to catch a low
here or a bottom, they get, you know,
slaughtered. But that inefficiency, that
run down there is going to behave many
times in the future as a inversion fair
value. In the book, I'll give you more
details. I don't want to give everything
out here right now because everybody's
lally taking notes right now and they're
just throwing AI books together and
putting them on um Amazon. And it's just
I think it's cute that they're all
trying to, you know, talk like and
pretend they know what I'm talking
about. They don't. Okay. But uh their
book sales are going to suffer soon. But
the the market uses this range here
after it hits the full complete gap
closure comes back up to consequent
encroachment of it full gap closure and
then drops down into an order block
here. And I said this is where we're at
the line in the sand where either we run
for intermediate turn by side and if
it's going to go there what's resting
above that first presented fair value
gap. Okay. And on X, I mentioned that
some of you may look at this one here
and call that first presented fair value
gap. It is a fair value gap, but when I
like to look for the specifics around
trading with the narrative of first
presented fair value gap, I want to look
for the first one that has the very
clear distinction between something like
that, which is very small. It's only
like a tick, a couple ticks, rather,
handful of ticks, and then you have a
couple handles here. That's much more
prominent. It's much more obvious. It's
a more
um visual displacement in price action
versus small little tiny separations
which is a common gap. This is not a
common gap. This is first presented
displacement by definition first
presented very bad gap. Okay. So why is
this intermediate term buyside? Because
it's the buy side above this whole bit
of business retracing higher and then
went and made a lower low closing the
the entire opening range gap.
So the liquidity that's resting above
these relative equal highs, that's
intermediate term. These are minor
because it's inside this price leg that
made the lower low at closing that
opening range gap. So it's all structure
related in terms of classifying market
structure, highs, lows, interm highs,
interterm lows, short-term highs,
short-term lows. It's that kind of
thing. I I teach this also in the paid
mentorship playlists. go on the 2016
2017 playlist and look for the
individual videos and you'll see things
being taught about market structure. So
minor buy side that's going to be drawn
but it goes right back up to regular
trading hours consequent encroachment
then back down into this sell side of
bounce by side efficiency that's going
to act as a inversion for everybody got
we have a wick that drops down in here
we'll get into what that is and why it
did this and also that one but it's
trading essentially around the
consequent cor from that old sellside
uh imbalance buy sign efficiency which
is bearish usually when price is below
it and comes up to
But we labeled it. I I labeled it rather
and told you it's going to act as
inversion and take us up into first
resp.
I stated back here where it was lying in
the sand where it could go either way.
And I told you the side I thought it was
going to go. Okay. So for the trolls
that like to take things out of context,
take little sound bites and share it
amongst their circle jerks. Um I did say
I wanted to go up take the intermittent
turn by side and go to first presented
fair value. And then I took my break for
lunch.
The market uses
this
inefficiency those levels and projecting
that through price action. You can see
how we hit the low.
Let's close that candlestick
rallied up.
CBI later turns inversion fair gap.
That's bullish. drops back down to lower
quadrant of this candlestick's premium
wick. Upper quadrant starts to rally. We
drop down into regular trading hours,
lower quadrant and the high of that
candlesticks premium wick. That's what
this was doing. And it was also just
coloring outside after I mentioned
publicly this is going to be an
inversion fair value gap. You know,
the boys up here in uh Sammy just a
little coloring outside the lines trip
you up. The bodies are doing what?
Staying above the upper quadrant. See
that? This line here, the gray line,
this line here, that's grading this
inefficiency. So, you can see the bodies
are telling you what's it want to do. It
doesn't want to go lower. It's
indicating that it's not wanting to go
lower. Why? Because the narrative is
being displayed in the bodies of the
candlesticks. Okay?
And now we're looking at this premium
wick. Okay? Okay, so these levels here
are now being shown here and you can
still see the lower quadrant of that
one. So either one, if you would to use
this one or this one. Why this one and
not this one? Look at the highs on your
chart. This one's lower than this one.
So this is the higher candlestick
premium wick.
Market drops down perfectly to the tick
to lower quadrant if you're using that
one. So you can see my concept still
works when you're grading premium wicks
and discount wicks from the daily chart
or any time frame for that matter
because it's not universally um limited
to just daily chart only. It's every
time frame. And by having these on your
chart, it's like a spiderweb. You're
going to catch a fly. You're going to
But you have to use other things in in
concert with it. Like there's a fair
value gap right here and a
bullish inversion fair value gap there.
Or look at that as venom at a lower
quadrant of that premium wick. You see
how many times I can build the model
right in front of you just by a small
little sample set of things. And notice
how my things are agree whereas retail
logic you're not going to get a
bowlinger band. You're not going to get
a stocastic divergence. You're not going
to get a MACD crossover. You're not
going to get willy-nilly ichimoku.
They're not all going to agree.
Pitchforks aren't going to agree with
all that stuff at the same time. Elliot
Wave ain't going to agree with it all
the time. Supply and demand ain't going
to always agree with it. White COVID
isn't going to agree with it. So, that's
the problem with retail. See, my stuff
fits together like perfect puzzle
pieces. And none of them are isolated.
They all agree on the same thing. It's
building blocks that's going to lead us
back to the promised land of that first
presented airbag gap above intermediate
term buyside liquidity as I called for
on X live in front of you real time
before it happened. And you can see all
the building blocks leading up into now
you get the little errant price action
down here.
That's this one over here. It just
colors outside the line just a little
bit but it's reaching into the regular
trading hours lower quadrant.
the opening range gap and the high of
that premium wick and just outside of
the inversion fair value gap I called
for. So anyone watching that they
probably were tickled. They're like I
think these wrong. I can't wait to tweet
to him and say you did it wrong. It
doesn't work. But it worked though,
didn't it? Cuz it fits things I teach.
The wicks are allowed to color outside
that. It's absolutely permissible. But
when it is full on a bold down close
candle, it looks scary. It's terrifying.
If you're in there looking for something
to go long or if you're long and you
rolled your stop loss just below the
inversion fair value you got. Never,
never, never do that until it breaks
structure and leaving it. What would
that look like? We have all these little
short-term highs in here. We have the
market dropping down from this high down
to that low in here when we left the
inversion fair value gap. There's
nothing taking out that short-term high
yet. It does. So there. Then if you're
long from down here, then you can roll
your stop loss below intermediate term
or inversion fair gaps.
You're trailing it with intermediate
term market structure swing points. And
I I cover a lot of that stuff in the
books. You'll see stop loss pl placement
stuff in the books. There's literally
several chapters where I'll talk about
it. But um the buy side balance sell
side efficiency here fair gap we trade
to the upper quadrant that it rallies
up. Here's a measuring gap another um
I don't think I have enough space in
here to annotate that bullish
inefficiency. It trades down into that
as well. Rallies up. Then we have a
suspension block bullish. The
volume bounced to the top and bottom.
Note that on your own chart. Same thing
here. Bullish suspension block.
But um volume of bounce above and below.
And whenever we see this, it doesn't
matter if there's a wick that came above
and closed over top of that range that
creates the suspension block. I will
still use that. Suspension blocks are
isolated candlesticks that really
represent a point at which the algorithm
will come back into it. Okay? And I'll
teach what that is at a later time
that's causing it. But for right now,
just get used to seeing them on my
charts as I present them. We have minor
sellside liquidity, relative equal lows
here after reaching up into the first
percent of your bag that I shared with
you as it happened. So random. And if
you watched it live, it was real quick.
goes down here and all of a sudden it
just ram just in one tick it did this
whole run right here which was wild
very very satisfying as an ICT mentor
the man so we drop down into the bullish
suspension block here and that old
intermediate term bside liquidity pool
that's what's happening here and then we
rip up into it one more time trade into
the upper quadrant of the open range gap
so two times it hits it here and you
know that's pretty much the business for
NQ. Um, I had a lot of fun sharing
yesterday on X. Um, I had some people I
had to broom literally denying what I
was showing real time as it was
happening to the tick. And I, like I
said, I have no time for you if you do
on that stuff. You if you're if other
people are talking about me, you know,
whatever. Let them talk about me. Just
keep score, okay? I promise you, I don't
need to talk about them. I don't need to
talk about them. I don't need to talk
about what they can't do, what they've
never been able to do, what they can't
prove. I don't need to do all that
stuff. Just watch them. You will know me
and them by my fruit and their fruit.
Period. I don't need to be out here to
be toxic, okay? You I can have fun with
y'all. And nobody needs to be beat up by
me, okay? And nobody's beating me up. So
that's the business.
All right, folks. That's it for this
one. I hope you found it insightful.
Thank you for your continuations and I
will talk to you when I talk to you.
Can't promise when that's going to be,
but until I talk to you then, wish you
good luck and good trading.